Aug 31, 2017
The Nerd Crew Episode 5 - The Last Jedi Trailer #2 Breakdown!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv8q1ENfWBA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/903276779951022081
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154979768942634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-episode-5-the-last-jedi-trailer-2-breakdown

hello and welcome to the nerd crew I'm
Mike and I'm what you might call a rock
star in terms of people who make videos
commenting on things you may have missed
in movie trailers on YouTube that's
right and I'm Jay I'm sorry I feel
terrible I have the worst cold right now
and I haven't had anything to eat said
you mind if I have just a little
something okay
sure okay yeah I'm just gonna make a
little something on my death star
popcorn machine so I know you guys
weren't really prepared to shoot an
episode of the nerd crew today but there
is just so much breaking Star Wars news
that we had to film
I think he got more outside of the dust
star popcorn maker than he did inside
the Death Star popcorn maker I feel like
I'm gonna pass out can we just do this
later no J we can't just do this later
look you signed a contract with Disney I
mean this program to make pathetic
fucking shell videos okay rain or shine
now just because you don't feel good
doesn't stop amazing star wars news from
happening and the duty that we have to
talk about it on the Internet
look why don't you take one of these
kylo ren's Star Wars vitamins maybe
it'll make you feel better
fucking vitamins don't they make Star
Wars sudafed they do but they were all
out
and you know this machine it's so quiet
- what what the machine the Star Wars
Death Star popcorn machine it's so quiet
it's like a whisper what's he saying
something about a popcorn machine could
you say that again buddy what did you
say you say you're my buddy
I know we've known each other a long
time don't know the thing you said
before that there's something about the
popcorn machine the Deathstar popcorn
machine that's a popcorn machine one of
the best features of this Star Wars
Death Star popcorn machine is that it's
whisper quiet at home when I'm running a
vacuum cleaner you can hardly hear it I
agree I didn't vote for Trump either
right right are we still making the
fucking popcorn machines of their
machines fine look at you can see the
quality craftsmanship on this oh my god
it looks just like the Death Star oh my
god you're spilling hot butter all over
the table there's an awful lot of smoke
where the Star Wars
what I don't think the butter is
supposed to go on top of the popcorn
maker popcorn on fire I think the
machines on fire oh my god that's like
really on fire I think that's take care
of the problem but there seems to be
more smoke oh my god
quick get the Anakin Skywalker fire
extinguisher I'm too weak to stand up
whoo star popcorn machine would have one
fatal flaw built into it so anyway the
popcorn itself it's so recently
Entertainment Weekly posted a series of
images from Star Wars Episode eight whoo
I haven't seen those yet yeah very cool
and since rich hasn't seen them yet Jay
why don't you get out your iPad if you
remember those and rich you could take a
look at the images as we discuss them in
detail there you go there's the iPad did
you get this at a goodwill here rich
here's the iPad this is our first image
so we're gonna put these up on the
screen but rich is also gonna gonna be
looking at them and this is an exclusive
first look for rich rich has not seen
these images they've been out for weeks
but somehow he has not seen them now
what we're gonna talk about first is how
amazing this first images the variation
in her costume is incredible we see she
has less sleeves than she did in in the
first movie well it definitely looks
like she's still wearing rags they're
two slightly different colored rags it's
a slight different variation of a
homeless person costume and now we know
that you know this is the same location
that we saw at the end of the force
awakens
see that same location again I was
wondering if the film would have any
continuity with the previous one I
believe the rocks in the background is
the location where she meets Luke
Skywalker I'm sorry is this an exclusive
because I was unaware that the rock was
in this film that's quality now in this
next image we see Rey talking to Luke
Skywalker and if you'll notice Luke
Skywalker is standing inside the cave
while Rey is on the outside
neither of them look very happy and I'm
just gonna go out on a limb and I'm
gonna say they're having a disagreement
of some kind maybe he wants to stay
maybe she wants to go but I think the
most important thing to take from this
image is her hairstyle is different very
cool it is very cool it's done in three
buns that's such an amazing twist on the
previous film no because Mark Hamill is
standing in this doorway and there's a
separation between them maybe Rey is
just waiting for Mark Hamill to get out
of the way so that she can walk inside
in the scene maybe she has to use the
bathroom now has it been confirmed that
this is indeed an image from the last
Jedi and maybe not some other film no
now the tip of her staff looks like it
might be some sort of a lightsaber so
maybe maybe this is a lightsaber staff
we haven't seen that but we haven't seen
that before we have never seen a
lightsaber staff before exclusive
information that we now maybe possibly
have what could be a lightsaber staff
now rich would this have a lightsaber I
want to say lightsaber ejaculate but
really it's a it's a lightsaber I wanted
to say erection it's a lightsaber penis
what what is a sword a blade blade is
the word I'm looking a saber it's a
lightsaber is is the blade going to come
out on both ends of the staff or would
that be too close to Darth Maul's hey I
think it's going to be like a lightsaber
spear it just could be one tiny
lightsaber out of the tip and this is a
lightsaber meant for throwing oh my lord
we have never seen that in a Star Wars
film before this is an exclusive this
could be brand-new material here
everybody brand-new ooh my mind just
like our popcorn machine now rich why
don't we go ahead and move on to our
next image which is not of Ray and Luke
Skywalker it is a familiar character
Finn with a new character who I'm not
familiar with rich can you describe the
image even though we're gonna put it up
on the screen rich is seeing this image
for the first time he's seen all these
images it's the first time this image
tells me there are minorities in this
film and and that's great because you
know the Star Wars it's more diverse
than it's ever been
that's true very very divisible very
diverse so while white people still have
all of the main roles in the Star Wars
universe I am still proud of Disney for
taking this bold step and giving
minorities all of the less important
side roles well kudos to Disney for
taking this brave but still safe
marketing decision Disney is very
inclusive but not too inclusive now if
only the Avengers could be a little more
inclusive if I wanted to see a cracker
factory I'd visit Nabisco oh snap oh I'm
hungry okay guys let's move on to our
next image ready rich here we go I'm
gonna swipe that this isn't real right
this is a this is a prank aren't they
taking a shared universe to the next
level are we are we incorporating
Caddyshack into the Star Wars universe
yeah it's very clear that's someone
photoshopped a Furby into that image or
something because Disney knows not to go
that overboard with the cutesy
marketable stuff it's a very funny prank
I never thought Entertainment Weekly had
a really really great sense of humor
until now to publish fake images maybe
Ashton Kutcher was the guest editor
because he hosted that punk show 37
years ago I remember that show called
Punk'd
do you remember Punk'd when I saw the
Phantom Menace I thought I was being
Punk'd I just confirmed it it's real
guys and it's amazing it's very cool
it's very cool very very cool that
little creature is just it's just gonna
be gold now rich we're gonna move on to
our next exclusive image this is an
image of characters that are apparently
Luke's caretakers on the island that he
lives on are you ready I'm ready oh my
god
I I think you made some kind of mistake
this is quite clearly station from Bill
and Ted's bogus journey I have confirmed
this it's real guys oh well it's very
cool very I can't wait to see these
characters on screen in Star Wars they
look incredible now that it's been
confirmed that that is not station from
Bill and Ted's bogus journey I think
it's an incredibly creative and original
idea and vision
I think these creepy creepy monsters
that will give children nightmares are
just gonna sell like hotcakes
they're adorable they're almost as
adorable as the Furby they look like a
turd with a face you know what this
looks like it kinda looks like if you
know et had sex with the sadness turtle
from the neverending story Jay if you
need to use the Darth Vader humidifier
I've plugged it in for you you just turn
the knob on the back there you go
hopefully this won't blow up
I've put some vicks vapor rub inside it
oh it smells like James Earl Jones the
smells like some sort of chemical what
what did you put in your AA battery acid
it smells like something that I should
not be ingesting I read on Oprah's
website that battery acid was good for a
old if you start bleeding from your nose
we know it's working is it supposed to
make you feel more sick guys I've got
some new information coming in on the
official nerd crew monitor it looks like
Disney has just announced plans for an
obi-wan Kenobi standalone film oh my god
that is so cool very cool now this is
great news because it was completely
unexpected this is such a unique turn
that I would have not considered Disney
would take with Star Wars who would have
known you know the great thing about
this is that it's a character that we
know rich where is obi-wan where would
he be for a standalone film
well well well after Revenge of the Sith
hoping one clearly goes to Tatooine
mm-hmm and we know he spends the next 17
years just wandering around
Tatooine so I I think we can expect to
see a lot of sand and meditation well
yeah that's not gonna make for a very
exciting film so I have a feeling
obi-wan is gonna leave Tatooine and
maybe go on some kind of crazy fucked up
adventure a lot can happen in 17 years
that no one will ever mention again I
might I be so bold as to suggest the
return of Darth Maul oh we never
officially saw him die we only saw him
get cut in half
that's correct rich you can get cut in
half and still survive just like my
grandpa in the Second World War we
called him old half sea so rich if Darth
Maul did survive the plunge down into
that pit on Naboo does he have robot
legs oh I was gonna say skateboard but
robot legs that's much cooler that would
just be amazing you know I bet he could
run really fast like as fast as someone
with robot legs I can just imagine the
action figure line Darth Maul is Darth
Maul the iconic Darth Maul that we know
and love
except for he has robot legs and that's
the difference what's really amazing is
that it's Darth Maul but with robot legs
what if both halves of Darth Maul get
robotic replacements oh my gosh like he
fell into some kind of factory like he
fell on some kind of like robot factory
that was at the bottom and that Buu and
then like like the top half of cars Maul
gets merged with like the bottom half of
an r2 unit and we get to see you know
more details and how our two units can
get around in rough terrain Ohio yeah
and in the bottom half of Darth Maul
we'll get like mixed with some kind of
spider robot and I don't have even more
legs and then at the end of the movie
obi-wan Kenobi has to team up with the
top half of Darth Maul to fight off the
eight-legged bottom half of Darth Maul
wow that sounds so awesome that is very
cool rich very cool yeah I believe
Carrie Fisher misspoke when she said
Star Wars is about family it's about
family and that's what's so powerful
about it
Star Wars is about a half Darth Maul
with the robot star wars is really about
a top half Darth Maul robot and a bottom
half Darth Maul robot fighting each
other with 20 lightsabers while obi-wan
is stuck in the middle hang on guys
something's coming in on the official
nerd crew computer monitor oh my god
Disney has now just announced plans for
a job of the Hutt standalone film a
movie about a gangster slug that doesn't
speak English sounds so appealing it
sounds very cool remember who's writing
the checks here very cool they want you
know they want to they want to expand
their audience they want more women to
come in and see a movie and they think
women want to see a movie about a fat
slug who is corpulent and can't move
they've already made Kevin Smith films
oh my god my Star Wars news feed is
going haywire what's on the BBS now guys
Disney is announcing plans for Star Wars
standalone films that are rapid
pace I can't even keep up there's
another one coming in now it's a
standalone film for 4-lom who the fuck
is for long this one of the bounty
hunters from Empire Strikes Back oh I've
never seen it oh my god in 2028 we're
gonna be treated to a general Reich and
standalone film and if you don't
remember who that is it's the general
from Empire Strikes Back who orders the
evacuation of Hoth he's got a whole
backstory about his service in the
rebellion and let me tell you it's gonna
be amazing we better start the
evacuation he's gonna has deal with
claims of being a coward because he fled
from Hoth rather than standing his
ground we'll just have to ask Lawrence
Kasdan cuz he's rumored to write you
know I was just thinking is calling them
standalone films is that offensive to
paraplegics I think Disney should really
take this into consideration Oh Jay
that's that's a really good point I
hadn't thought about that before you
know maybe maybe we should organize some
kind of protest or March about this
because I can I can really sympathize
with the paraplegics you know I I know
how they feel because sometimes I'm just
too lazy to stand or walk myself they've
just announced another standalone film
well this one's not happening till 2050
for so we have a little bit of a wait
I've already pre-ordered my tickets oh
yes very cool this is it what is this
movie Mike I need to know I'm gonna say
tell us the title of the film or who the
main character is I don't know the title
but I can tell you who it's about it's a
standalone film about Loeb ah yes wait
who's Lobot robots the guy from Empire
Strikes Back
Lando's friend the bald guy with the
robot had the robotic implant in the
back of his head guys are standing in
the background which everybody knows
Lobo oh that's my favorite character
well I'm sure we're all very familiar
with robot but for the sake of the
audience yes there's want to make sure
that everybody is up-to-date on low bot
okay guys I'm going on to waka PD and
now and I'm looking up Lobot okay Lobot
also known by the nickname low or
chrome-dome was a male human from the
planet bespin who with the assistance of
his aj6
cyborg construct was paid to run
battlefield calculations for the
Galactic Empire however he eventually
began working with the smuggler Lando
Calrissian aboard the Millennium Falcon
running numerous criminal jobs during
one job the theft of the Emperor's
personal yacht the Galactic terror
lobha wait wait the Emperor's personal
yacht was called the Galactic Terror
Lobot was gravely wounded by an imperial
guard when he was hit in the back of the
head by a wudu claw which scraped his
brainstem Lobot served as Calrissian x'
aid personal confidant and chef after
being denied entrance to the mas Eisley
cantina due to his cyborg nature hey we
don't serve their kind what Lobot then
organized the peaceful protests or sit
in with other cyborgs in the cantina
he eventually won the right to drink at
the dive bar and was awarded cyborg of
the Year by Jabba the Hutt at a ceremony
on Bespin this Lobot backstory sounds
incredible very cool well guys this is
exciting there is just so much Star Wars
news coming out every day what a great
time to be alive oh my god guys I just
got a message the new trailer for the
last shed I just dropped oh my god holy
shit oh my god let's go watch it we have
to go watch this
on the cable all right guys here is the
last Jedi trailer number two
this is our first viewing of it I can't
wait alright um I'm ready I'm ready I'm
ready
can I play it yeah yeah bad predict to
be blown away okay
absolutely
Wow oh my god no matter type matter is
you see it see it
vistas
oh my god
yep that was a fake trailer
