Jan 26, 2017
Episode 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl5UH6EZXIM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/824768187170488320
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154312128807634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-episode-2

well hello again I'm Mike Stoklasa
founder red letter media dot com your
source for all things nerd and geek
culture and with me as always is 
I'm Jay Bauman exclusive content creator for
exclusive content websites that are
available exclusively on the internet
they're exclusive
I'm rich Evans and I was once
forcibly kicked out of an
all-you-can-eat buffet welcome gentlemen
and welcome audience to our podcast now
today we're going to do something a
little different we're not going to talk
about a movie which is kind of
surprising cause that's what we do
we often talk about films we're not
talking about films today except for the
ones that we will be talking about
that's right Jay and really when I
thought about it the next film to come
out of any significance really is going
to be the Justice League so it might be
a while before we talk about film what
hold like don't forget about that
spider-man homecoming oh right right yes
that's right uh if there's one company
that I trust to put out a quality motion
picture its sony Sony is the best you
know and let's not forget about those
great swag bags to give us full of free
toys you know y'all a story at the the
last premiere we went to where we were
saying the new Ghostbusters film and I
had to take a dump in my swag bag
because the film was just so good that I
didn't want to get out of my seat you
know and leave the film and and the Sony
representative actually gave me a free
replacement
well yeah Sony will do that in exchange
for glowing and positive reviews they're
the only company I can think of that
would take the time to literally clean
up your filthy shit and wipe your sweet
fat nerd ass oh it's Ari to interrupt
which which I just want to note these
swag bags are not cheap that's true
that's true
yeah they are filled with toys and
promotional materials that sometimes can
be valued at you know up to $20 right
right actually the Sony executive who
gave me the replacement swag bag he
actually shoved me up against the table
and put his hand over my mouth and he
said you better give this movie a good
review Mike
there is writing on this you fat pudgy
and then he then he shoved his hand down
my pants and he put through his fingers
deep deep into my grundle I I think he
must have mistaken me for a woman
probably because my voice I would expect
such a behavior from paramount
but not Sony well I think it's about
that time that we get into our topic for
today we originally did not have a topic
we were just going to speculate
endlessly about all the upcoming
pointless blockbusters but then the big
news hit and Mike I'll let you take this
one well Jay I think we all know what
you're talking about
and I'm this podcast today we were going
to talk about the death of Carrie Fisher
and her legacy but just today some
bigger news has come to light Disney has
announced the title for the next Star
Wars film oh really
I haven't heard this before what is it
Star Wars the last Jedi oh wow wow that
is dead of something else that is really
amazing you know you know be personally
I love this film
oh no no rich the the film isn't out yet
they just announced the title oh oh well
I love me personally actually I love
this title we've all had that same
reaction in the last few days the title
Star Wars the last Jedi it's it's
perfect in its simplicity but complex in
its subtlety yeah you know Jay that's a
really really eloquent way of putting it
I thought so as well yes and to match
this amazing title they have also
released the graphic for the film now
left can we can we put that up can we
put that up here let's take a look okay
you guys ready yeah I know I know you're
sitting down so I'm not going to say you
better be sitting down but here comes
the graphic let's take a look ah
that's that's something
fucking a homerun dizzy
well everybody let's talk about the
graphic and the whole Internet is ablaze
well what an embarrassment of riches not
only do they give us a new title but
they also give us the new logo at the
same time which I think that logo
perfectly captures the essence of Star
Wars
well it says Star Wars and it's very big
it's a Star Wars much bigger than it
says the last Jedi right because and
that means they know what's important
Star Wars is very important yes Star
Wars is back right back again it's back
again like I noticed that red color
really stands out like the first thing
you notice others in Star Wars yeah
because I think traditionally we would
all agree that the logo has always been
yellow well well I think a logo for
Return of the Jedi was red which that's
a brilliant point and it's something
that I wanted to address too is that the
look is that the logo for the last Jedi
is red and Jedi is in the title of both
films and I like the way that Disney is
well they're not surprising us too much
but at the same time they're surprising
us because the logos for the original
trilogy
we're artfully done and usually the Star
Wars was small and it wrapped around the
font and it was different for each film
and and you know it was unique but now
they're just they just take the Star
Wars logo and they use some kind of
terrible font and they put it in the
middle and at first when I saw it I
thought it was a fan film and I said
that looks like crap and then when I
found out it was real I said that looks
awesome aside from the colour gentleman
which is red with white font white text
in the middle kind of like an Oreo
cookie more like a sift lightsaber oh my
god I can't even put that together white
core red surrounding y'all
and that's the point that I wanted to
bring up is that when they say the last
Jedi and the the word Jedi is is both
singular and plural and and so do they
mean that that Luke Skywalker is the
last Jedi me personally I love this film
or I will love this film
but I'm thinking possibly and I don't
want to get too speculative here this is
not what this podcast is about we're not
going to speculate but really I think
Luke Skywalker is going to die and Rey
is going to be the last Jedi can we can
we tell anything about the stars in the
background of logo you know I tried to
look for some sort of pattern or some
sort of image in the stars I thought
perhaps we would see Yoda or an obi-wan
like a constellation of Yoda yeah yeah
well more of like if you connect the
dots it will be the shape that's what
constellation is yeah well guys I think
that's enough Star Wars talk for today
which is unfortunate because I can talk
all day about Star Wars but right now we
need to talk about geek crepe that's
right Mike I think that we all love geek
grade because they send you an actual
crate it's a little crate just like the
one that has the Ark of the Covenant
that's right rich that's absolutely
correct yeah with geek crate someday I
imagine my bedroom will look just like
that secret government warehouse at the
end of Indiana Jones and and the Raiders
of the Lost Ark which is one of my
favorite films that's right Mike I love
the Indiana Jones films me personally I
love all of the Indiana Jones films even
the last one you know some people they
didn't think it was all that great but I
thought it was fun I thought it was a
whole lot of fun yeah yeah movies are
just they're just supposed to be fun
they're just must be fun right turn your
brains off fun yeah
turn your turn your mind off it's like
being dead from 90 minutes but you're
eating popcorn so everyone remember to
visit geek crate calm slash red letter
media for 10% off your first month
subscription when you sign a ninety six
month long ironclad unbreakable contract
that's right Mike and I don't know if
you guys were aware of this but D crate
is listed as the 23rd best nerd
subscription service Wow
that's just the effect that I happen to
know randomly that's pretty good it
such a value I mean the money that you
spend each month on geek crate is like
what you spend buying six to eight cups
of Starbucks coffee every day right am i
right yeah actually sometimes I even
drink more than that that's why I had to
take hot dumps into my Sony swag bag or
you could take the money that you would
spend on geek raid and donated to some
sort of charity that would say maybe you
know feed up to a hundred starving
African children but you know you don't
get a Darth Vader bobblehead when you do
that at least as far as I know
while geek crate is our last topic of
this podcast as you know we are
sponsored by geek crate and nerd box and
up until recently these companies didn't
think this was a problem but now they're
seeing it as kind of a conflict of
interest so we're going to do a little
experiment today if you don't mind and
we're going to let you our audience pick
which sponsor that we go with in the
future
geek crate or nerd box oh wow Mike how
are we going to decide this well I'm
glad you asked because today we have two
shipments from both geek crate and nerd
box geek crate has sent us their 2017
superhero edition crate which is limited
limited edition and exclusive it's very
exclusive yes and nerd box has sent us
their annual Star Wars fan backed
backpack pack which is a real big deal
in the geek culture and nerd culture
communities Mike did you say Star Wars
oh yeah well right now we're going to do
a little unboxing video of our own and
we're going to let you the viewer decide
that's right my god leave a comment
under this video or on any of our
extensive social media outlets about
which pack you prefer but but first
remember if you liked this episode and
want to download it and others sign up
now on hero Volcom using the promo code
our om nerd and you can get 25% off the
very first all-female Ghostbusters novel
Ghostbusters II V PMS okay we're back
and now rich is going to take a look at
nerd box shipment and geek creep okay so
here we have our nerd box and this shows
up every month on the fifth let's see
let's see what's in it this month
the thing I really like about nerd box
is packaging they they go minimal you
know they're not wasting your time right
right and you know it's a nerd box
because of the logo on the box it says
nerd box on the nerd box it's brilliant
oh look at this so we got a Star Wars
backpack here now we should remind
everyone that this is the annual Star
Wars fan backed backpack pack yes yes
this is this is made out of out of
genuine artificial materials
what kind of backpack is this well this
is this is a kind of small-sized Star
Wars backpack you mean more like for
children or adults who are young at
heart now rich it looks like this
backpack is bursting at the seams with
it are worth good news yes yes this is
so full I can't I can't condense the
backpack much more than like quarter
inches so full of nerd stuff you know I
would say that the monthly subscription
is worth it for the backpack alone right
and apparently there's more stuff inside
of the backpack see we'll see what's
inside of it okay oh yarn we have Star
Wars yarn oh wow wow why is the Star
Wars and next we have oh look Star Wars
Valentine's nothing says I love you like
a black guy holding a gun what we have
let's see what else we got
there's more in there and it's just it's
overwhelming really yeah oh my god look
at this it's this is a array action
figure this is clearly not a surplus
Ghostbusters figure that they could not
sell is made an undercover Chris trick
run ghost busters
well Richard Reavis that was supper one
sticker dose questions logo there box
really I'd like to family only sends you
the highest quality yeah yeah Mike this
is the best
we have Star Wars cookie oven a PV
sandwich what else do we have we have a
Star Wars Oasis is a handheld electronic
Star Wars game Wow Wow very high-tech
yeah right well now is it just me or
does this product look like it was
opened and then resealed with tape also
has a clearance sticker on it
it's a stallworth and here we we have a
Star Wars a blaster this is a Star Wars
blaster similar to the one that Han Solo
used but distinct legally distinct even
though it clearly it clearly has the
Star Wars label on it no that looks like
a picture of kylo LEM yes and you know
like like all of the quality nerd box
Star Wars merchandise that you know has
that start that sticker that's Star Wars
sticker everyone other pieces of Star
Wars merchandise and a bb-8 launch
because uh you know watches you need to
know what time it is about how are you
going to know what time it is if you
don't wear a watch yeah and let me just
say as a grown man I would not be
embarrassed to wear that watch not at
all it's very cool you know I'm gonna
wear this right now which that watch
looks very cool on very cool as they say
debonair oh oh and we have Star Wars a
headache relief medicine so is that
funny that's very cool
that does very it's very cool yeah that
is everything look at look at all Wow
probably for that one value that nerve
box look at look at all of this stuff
you get you know I mean this is you know
probably 10 maybe 11 dollars worth of
merchandise yeah and you know what I
mean nerd box is on the higher end of
the geek box subscriptions and here 169
dollars a month but you know you get a
little something when you open up that
box you feel like it was tailor-made for
you absolutely and I mean look how my
fun we've had just opening it up right
now I can only imagine people at home
for five minutes that hole in my soul
was just filled with Star Wars
well now that you're filled with Star
Wars let's move on to geek crate which
has sent us their annual superhero crate
are you ready to unbox that reg so ready
all right just dump all this crap on the
floor all right so we have here our D
crate and as you can see this comes in
an authentic crate they were making it
up no that's an actual crate let's good
oh that's already already open it looks
like it came open well during shipping
let's I'm sure that never happens I'm
not very rare yeah very very cool just
ripped off from shocked look at look at
all those goodness in here we we have a
bin of Avengers hotdogs look at that oh
my god that are those Vienna sausages
yes they are not cut up hot I think gray
in the middle like doesn't a big piece I
think what bed during shipping right why
don't you smell great no this was a
great product it's really it's really
great though it's no no now we have a
Batman a wallet with with stickers of
Batman on it on the back you can see
products that have nothing to do with
superheroes
well I'm sure that might have been an
accident I'm not I'm not sure my my BB a
washer went off yeah that's very cool
it's very very cool very cool a Avengers
wall flip-flop
what is this a ninja he done you know
this is also a Star Wars product because
there is a picture of vp8
talk about something very cool oh we
have more of more Avengers masks oh my
god
now rich can you imagine can you just
imagine going to a public park wearing
that mask all the children would love
you it would be amazing yeah yeah yeah
and you just don't wear a trench coat is
that why they went away that's amazing
that's that's very cool very lob right
now Oh a Civil War bobblehead very cool
and you know this has to be made out of
some very like high-tech material
because this just feels like it weighs
almost nothing it's like I am it's like
I am holding paper in my hands Wow very
cool very cool rich why do you open that
I'm going to open out look at the
bobblehead what is that oh finally we
have the a Batman tension headache
relief oh wow well you know I know I
needed some aspirin when I was seeing
Batman V Superman Batman on the bottle
robber club should he be taking that
many pills yes
