Apr 17, 2017
Nerd Crew Episode 4: The Last Jedi Trailer Breakdown and Analysis!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTqSkEbY_N8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/854003869139046404
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/nerd-crew-episode-4-the-last-jedi-trailer-breakdown-and-analysis

hello and welcome to another very
special episode of the nerd crew as
always I'm Mike and I'm Jay and I'm just
someone that really loves comic books
and Star Wars I didn't used to until it
became commercially viable and now me
personally I love talking about Star
Wars yeah you were never a Star Wars fan
until you were I thought it was fucking
stupid but now I think it is the most
amazing thing in pop culture well I was
you know I was really afraid that Star
Wars would get overplayed but you know
just saying the same thing over and over
again it just fills me with so much joy
but but before we get too far off track
I should introduce myself I am rich
Evans and today's sponsor is nerd coffin
that's right it's a coffin for nerds not
those fake nerds out there
you fucking cultural appropriators you
white jocks fucking used to push me
around in school and knock me down let
you think you could just put on a
fucking Star Trek shirt or get back to
nerd coffin you know real nerds who grew
up watching the Star Wars movies in the
theaters playing Dungeons and Dragons on
Saturday nights and actually reading
comic books
well guys they're getting up there in
age and all that lack of physical
activity throughout their whole lives is
leading to things like heart disease
depression and crippling diabetes so
nerd coffin is a box made out of
high-quality pine Wow pine is a high
quality material but it's not what's on
the outside that matters the inside is
lined with the material featuring all of
your favorite pop culture characters you
can choose from Star Wars Marvel or DC
characters to stare at while you lay in
a coffin waiting for your body to rot
and the best thing about nerd coffin is
before you actually die you can use it
to store all of your ugly Funko pop
figures once that stupid fat ends but
for an additional $15,000 you can
upgrade to the media Edition nerd coffin
very cool very cool
very cool very very cool
Jay tell us all about what the media
edition nerd coffin is while nerd coffin
will install a Wi-Fi enabled flat-screen
television directly into your coffin and
when a new geek culture movie is
released it'll be streamed directly into
your grave very cool Jay so if you die
right now while you're in your coffin
you'll get to watch The Avengers
infinity war movie and find out what
happens when they team up to defeat a
purple space tyrant and you'll also get
to watch the Justice League film and
find out what happens when they all team
up together to defeat a purple space
tyrant what value very cool the movies
will have commercials but that's okay I
guess well you'll have all of eternity
to watch them well guys let's talk about
why we're really here today they have
just released the new trailer for Star
Wars the last Jedi this is a big one
oh wow this is big fucking news very
cool very cool
this is bigger than row one that's true
rich which was bigger than the force
awakens so this is bigger than rogue one
and for those of you that died before
the movie comes out I'm sure you'll be
gravely disappointed well speaking of
graves that brings me to our next
sponsor nerd Life Insurance now nerd
life has teamed up with all of the major
studios to offer you this wonderful plan
for the low cost of $99 a week this plan
ensures that if you get diagnosed with a
terrible illness or terminal cancer and
your doctor certifies that you will not
make it to the next big nerd culture
film event the studios will then screen
the film for you in private probably in
your hospital room now the studios do
require that you sign an NDA of course
just in case you don't die for a few
more days after the screening but they
also make you sign a DNR - you know just
in case
Wow such comfort that only $99 a we can
buy you but does this policy cover
accidental or sudden death yeah for
example what if I wanted to kill myself
so I could see the last Jedi before
everyone else well I guess you just have
to get a nerd coffin then now before we
get to our Star Wars the last Jedi
official trailer breakdown and analysis
we'd like to talk about our last sponsor
nerd vision by Google
oh wow Jane nerd vision sounds great
tell me more about nerd vision well
they're smart glasses designed by Google
but they have many settings for example
if you're walking through a store and
you want to avoid any Star Wars spoilers
on toy packaging you turn on the star
wars smart detect option on your smart
glasses and they will block out your
vision of anything Star Wars oh wow
that's great yeah because I am so sick
of spoilers for Star Wars to me it
sounded like you were going to say you
were so sick of Star Wars everywhere
that's what it sounded like to me as
well why would I say that I'm not sick
Star Wars Jesus Christ it's only been 40
years now Jay that is just a great great
product and I really appreciate the fact
that you can block out seeing spoilers
for example the the last Jedi toy
packaging for Rey shows her hair styled
slightly different and and to me that's
a major major spoiler I was very
disappointed but I saw that yeah very
disappointed um and I had so many
questions how did her hair get that way
did she style it did Princess Leia style
her hair did she help her there's so
many questions right so yeah I think
it's great that there's a product out
there for fans
who who don't want to see spoilers
everywhere yes but let me ask you this
what if you want to see Star Wars
products everywhere oh well the smart
detect option does have a reverse
function where you see nothing but Star
Wars products and everyone else is
blocked out it blocks out everything but
Star Wars your neighbors your your
in-laws traffic bank statements your
nearly empty bottle of diabetes medicine
that your nerd insurance no longer
covers very cool rich all your clothes
in your closet that just don't fit
anymore and you'll never miss out on
Star Wars because with the built-in
speakers these glasses will detect Star
Wars than 10 feet and aleshia
piercing screeching noise directly into
your ear why well if you're blind
there's a function where a voice will
describe Star Wars to you oh wow your
ear that's very cool wow I should kill
them well guys our last sponsor nerd
vision was sponsored by Star Wars the
last Jedi trailer and I think it's about
time we start talking about Star Wars
the last Jedi the official trailer came
out today very cool very very cool very
cool reactions are coming in all over
the internet from everybody and I think
it's time that the nerd crew weighed in
yes yes well I I can't wait to like dig
deep into this trailer let me tell you
it was very exciting you know you got
you got those familiar characters that
you love there they're coming back right
and it's it's just so exciting and
action-packed the images are so
beautiful the movies going to look
fantastic absolutely absolutely and you
know it's just so so intriguing like you
know we get you know we can see the
villainy all those villains they they
look great some some fantastic just
designs on bed villain in this film and
then you're so many questions about what
happens like you get that iconic weapon
right right you know that just iconic
weapon and it just gets smashed
like it was like it was nothing and oh
my god I can't believe I just saw that
and and you know with with the music
just the fantastic use of music in this
trailer and the build-up to the
excitement and you know my favorite part
my absolute favorite just that laugh
they gave you at the end
uh oh god I got I got a I'd such a
chuckle out of that I'm sorry to say
laugh every time with the part at the
end when when Luke says that the Jedi
should ends I don't think it was meant
to be a laugh
ya know I certainly didn't laugh no that
was very dramatic very dramatic
well me me personally yeah I'm just
speaking for myself me personally my
favorite part of the trailer was when
Thor was happy to fight the Hulk in a
gladiator arena oh oh rich I'm sorry you
didn't get the memo
today's show is about the last Jedi the
new Star Wars trailer no no no rich
we're not talking about that trailer
today what we are going to talk about is
the trailer for Star Wars the last Jedi
which just dropped and let me tell you
guys I have a lot to say about this
trailer so many Easter eggs so many
little details I've gone through the
trailer and I've analyzed almost every
second of this trailer wow Mike that
sounds really exciting unfortunately we
are out of time for today's episode but
we would like to take another moment to
thank our sponsors nerd coffin the
product that lets you be mint-in-box
nerd life insurance and nerd vision from
google and sign up now at nerd insurance
comm with promo code rlm hospital to get
10% off tickets to Harrison Ford's
upcoming funeral
I just like to take a moment to give a
shout out to Stan Lee who is still alive
very cool 
very cool 
very cool 
very cool
very cool 
very cool 
very cool 
very very cool 
very very very cool 
very very very cool 
very very cool 
very cool 
very cool
very cool 
very cool 
very cool 
very cool
very cool
