Oct 14, 2017
The Nerd Crew: Episode 6 - The Last Jedi Trailer 2 Reaction! And Justice League Breakdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3K44GQwxbA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/919184479234772992
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-episode-6-the-last-jedi-trailer-2-reaction-and-justice-league-breakdown

hello I'm Mike and welcome to the nerd
crew we were just recently ranked number
8960 seventh for your online source for
movie trailer reaction videos i'm jay
and even though i was on screen junkies
once I guarantee I am NOT a dirtbag and
I'm rich Evans and I'm borderline
elderly and balding but it's not beneath
me to film myself reacting to movie
trailers online oh rich give yourself a
little more credit your YouTube fast
food review channel is quite popular and
very informative I have here the
Hardee's two-third monster
it's got Mayo bacon cheese let's try
this
what's good it's got good taste the
tasters would and I'd get it again so
thank you for watching be sure to LIKE
and subscribe well gentlemen today's the
day we've been waiting for since the
last Star Wars trailer came out it's the
day that the next Star Wars trailer came
out that's right Mike with the first
last Jedi trailer we got very little
information and I'm happy to report that
with this new last Jedi trailer we got
very little information so little
information and you know what I don't
want information I just want to see the
movie I'm gonna see the film regardless
yeah I'm going to see the film I'm going
to see Star Wars because it's Star Wars
it says Star Wars on it I'm going to see
it that's the most important thing Star
Wars now a lot of you are gonna say why
bother analyzing a trailer so much you
know the movies just gonna be about
lightsaber fights a giant space battle
and something about destiny oh I'm sorry
I thought there was gonna be a but at
the end of that no that was it very cool
very cool it's back again everybody it's
back again until it's gone and then it's
back again it's back again and it's
completely different and revolutionary
yet at the same time it's all of the
things you expect exactly as you expect
them well rich it's funny you brought up
the trailer because that's why we're
here today everybody we're here to talk
about the Star Wars trailer for the last
Jedi and it's very exciting news the
trailer came out Monday during football
I don't know why came out during
football I don't imagine a lot of Star
Wars fans watch football but maybe they
do now because Star Wars is is
transformative I see so many brainless
jocks wearing Star Wars t-shirts now
because it's popular again and
to me that's very cool that's very cool
it means morons can enjoy entertainment
that's now made for morons and and
really that that it's very welcoming
it's very welcoming it's very diverse
but we we took a look at the trailer we
usually don't don't do trailer reaction
videos except for when we do except for
when we do and this time I thought it
was warranted because literally there's
nothing going on in this trailer and I
really wanted to catch our genuine
reactions to that well speaking of
trailer reactions as everyone knows we
did get burned with our last attempt
well Mike I'm 80% sure that this time
it's real so each of us one at a time
went into a production office at our
corporate headquarters and watched the
new Star Wars trailer who we of course
filmed our reactions let's take a look
at it now
very cool so different very fucking cool
kylo Ren
that's the only way to become what you
meant to be
oh my god
to show me my place in all this
Wow
we all had such different reactions it's
amazing rich how different our reactions
were and how we weren't pre-programmed
by a large corporation to respond to
visual imagery yeah we are all
individuals well guys let's just get
right into it because this movie looks
like it has so many new and original
ideas like a dead Walker's attacking on
a snow planet for instance as well as a
young Jedi being trained by an old
master even a solo training mission in a
misty cave where he or she uncovers a
terrible truth and what appears to be a
final confrontation with the main
villain which apparently ends in a
cliffhanger it's amazing I haven't seen
such original ideas since star trek into
darkness you know you know what Jay
you're not going far back enough I
haven't seen anything like this since
the back
that's right Jay now we can look forward
to December when this next Star Wars
film comes out we can watch it love it
and then wait for the next trailer to
come out which will be for the Han Solo
standalone film then we could watch that
trailer and endlessly speculate about
what will be in that movie until that
movie comes out then we can watch it and
love and while you're waiting for that
there's infinity Wars Episode nine
trailer to come out and then we could
endlessly speculate about what will
happen in the final film of that trilogy
and then when that's over we can wait
for the job of the Hut standalone film
trailer to come out and endlessly but
also don't forget Mike while you're
waiting for that to come out Wonder
Woman to
Darkseid in the house episode 10 the
start of a new trilogy and that trailer
will come out and listen speculate about
what will happen in this new trilogy are
we gonna get the same characters will it
be setting them well you're waiting for
that to come out
don't forget about infinity war two
battles in the house
guaranteed we're gonna get episodes 10
11 and 12
but in between miles after up don't
forget while you're waiting for that
nobody stands alone film and don't
forget while you're waiting Darksiders
and then we could wait for that film to
come out don't comes out we'll say that
migrate I don't forget what you're
waiting for that to come out and you're
waiting for that to come out don't
forget about Batman vs Superman versus
Wonder Woman versus Aquaman 3 with
Darkseid charm in the last Jedi don't
forget my
I'm sorry to interrupt but to get back
to the Star Wars the last Jedi trailer
you know I'd like to speculate a little
bit about the themes that the film is
going for and I think it's going to be
an extension of what Star Wars has
always been about and that his family
just shut up the next thing we want to
talk about on today's nerd crew is
another big trailer that dropped
recently and rich your outfit says it
all I'm talking about the Justice League
oh wow I'm very excited about that film
too
and while we didn't film ourselves
reacting to this trailer we are going to
break it down shot by shot so we can
analyze just what we think is gonna
happen in this new Justice League film
that's right Mike now me personally I do
love the Marvel films I think they're
fun adventurous and enthralling but you
know they are more aimed when I want a
darker more intelligent comic book film
I turn to DC that's right Jay DC is what
I like to call the thinking man's comic
book film nothing against Marvel of
course but this new Justice League film
appears to be dealing with much heavier
thematic issues than the Marvel films
deal with issues like the world is
changing teamwork and stopping evil
space bugs wow that's that's really
smart Mike you know I've never looked at
it through that lens before you know
this winner I was planning on you know
taking up some classic literature I was
gonna read some Faulkner some some joy
some dust I have ski but if I could just
watch a movie about Amer man hurling a
trident at some space insects I can
really save my time there's there's a
lot to be said about the imagery of a
cyborg hurling a merman into the sky so
that that Merman can throw his trident
at a space insect I mean it speaks
volumes about our culture about the
state of our nation and the world yeah
you know you're you're really right Mike
but you know DC they are they're a bit
more up sophisticated than the Marvel
films I love the marble fun that's fine
that's fine this early shut your brain
off and enjoy it brain I love that but
ultimately you know they're more
simplistic movies and in the Marvel
movies you know the heroes they're gonna
they gotta learn to work together as a
team and they gotta they have to team up
to fight you know the the giant purple
space Emperor who wants to take over the
planet with alien
you know it's you know you look at the
DC films and we have we have something
different going on here we can watch
Darla know anywhere get much darker
we're like Batman and Wonder Woman and
and and the flash and Aquaman you know
they have to they have to come together
you know they have to come together they
have to learn to work as a team and then
they need to team up to fight against
Darkseid the the giant purple space
emperor and he's getting you know who's
trying to use his space alien army to
take over the earth that's very
different and and very distinct yes yes
they're completely different Thanos is a
purple space Emperor who wants to find
the Infinity Gauntlet so he can take
over the universe but Darkseid is a
purple space emperor who wants to find
the anti-life equation so he can take
over the universe yes there was a very
very sophisticated way of explaining the
difference to some people who might not
get it they you know they might think
we're ragging on Marvel but we love
Marvel characters long absolutely
absolutely but because the picture is
literally visually darker in the DC
films that implies that their tone is
darker well that's interesting Mike I I
like that you brought up the aesthetic
of the film's and that's what I'm really
looking forward to with this Justice
League movie is that Zack Snyder's
aesthetic is all over this trailer jur
where they replaced the Zack Snyder with
Joss Whedon and he reshot over half the
film oh isn't that the guy that did the
Avengers yeah clearly the DC films are
operating on a higher intellectual level
than the Marvel films and you can tell
because of the blue filter I don't know
if Thanos even has an army of insect
monsters
we're in theory zone here we've analyzed
the trailer and we discovered several
things one there's going to be a heavy
present theme of teamwork which is
important I mean individually they could
fight space bugs but Batman says in the
film we're stronger together
then we are apart that line that line
really hit me it hit me right here it
gave me chills
it's literally gave me chills
what DC did that was really smart really
smart
they use the previous movie and their
franchise to to hint at the space box
you know in Batman vs Superman Batman
has visions of the space bugs than we as
the audience Halloween we know what's
coming next
that's just that that extra special DC
touch that only they could do that's
planning to that's what that says that's
planning it's thinking ahead in your
film series like how Ben Affleck is
going to come back as Batman again
that's planning but really gentlemen
what this film is about is teamwork and
you can't you can't have a superhero
film without teamwork but in addition to
teamwork I do think that what the
Justice League is ultimately going to be
about his family shut up so after
reviewing the footage of us reacting to
the last Jedi trailer I did notice that
one camera was left recording and that
was when rich was watching the last Jedi
trailer so I don't know rich did you
happen to turn on the Justice League
trailer after what the camera was
Stallone
yeah after after you watched the last
Jedi trailer it was rolling for about 30
minutes did you happen to watch the
Justice League trailer well maybe we can
just play back the fuck No yeah Jeremy
can you can you play that foot
