Dec 11, 2017
The Last Jedi FULL REVIEW (SPOILERS!!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lCW-iaOZ_M
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/940497750512275456
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-the-last-jedi-full-review-spoilers

hello and welcome to the nerd crew I'm
Mike and I think it's safe to say that
today the force is with us are we gonna
cut to the intro this is the part I was
just thinking we will cut to the hi i'm
jay and since i've been doing these nerd
culture videos on youtube people have
called me a shallow talentless
brainwashed sinka fans and to them I say
that's right J and I'm rich Evans and I
love all things pop culture especially
pork
I fucking love ports aren't they the
greatest you know guys when some
Japanese originally thought of the idea
for pac-man he called it puck man but
when it came here to the US some clever
businessmen thought you know some creeps
are gonna deface the sides of those
arcade games and make it safe man it's a
real good thing pork isn't close to any
other word it's close to pork you know
which is kind of appropriate because I'd
really like to eat one of these little
guys I wonder if you skinned one what it
still be is sexy well guys while we're
on the subject of porks it's time to
talk about Star Wars the last Jedi I
love Star Wars that's right Mike and
this is a cause for celebration because
this last Sunday we all attended the
premiere in Los Angeles California where
important people we are very important I
had a laminate around my neck that meant
I am an exclusive person and I'm elite I
also wore a tuxedo and took a selfie in
front of a robot
I'm not sure which one it was premiers
especially Star Wars might be the most
exciting thing in the world nothing else
compares that's right rich you know it's
been really hard these last couple of
days keeping these lips sealed it's time
to start talking about Star Wars but we
do have to warn everyone that there are
spoilers ahead major spoilers spoilers
in the house
ahoy spoilers mateys
I'm dead inside ahoy spoilers Anchors
Aweigh I'm dead inside I wore a tuxedo
to the premiere cuz I'm a youtuber I
wore a t-shirt that looks like a tuxedo
because I'm pathetic well guys let's
first start with our initial reactions
me personally I loved this film best
Star Wars film I've ever seen yes and me
personally I loved this film best Star
Wars film I've ever seen
well well me personally I love this film
the best Star Wars film I've ever seen
wow it's amazing we have such similar
opinions yet different it's important to
mention that our enthusiasm for the film
has nothing to do with the fact that we
were invited to the premiere
despite being pathetic nobody's well
guys let's just talk about the story
first of all it's epic but at the same
time it's small it's action-packed but
at the same time it's subtle it's loud
but at the same time it's quiet you know
for me I think the most emotional moment
was when Luke Skywalker was killed by
Snoke right in front of rain whoa slow
down there tiger
let's take this a step at a time we did
say spoilers didn't we spoilers in the
house spoilers ahoy I'm so ashamed of
myself the first thing we see is rey on
the island with luke skywalker right
where we left off with the force awakens
and luke trains rey and a completely
original plotline she goes seeking his
help just like Luke sought the help of
Yoda no Mike it's very very different
because now it's ray and Luke and some
completely different
it is it is a little different I mean
the location is different they're not in
a swamp Lucas is a tall man a Yoda is a
short man and Rey is a female while Luke
was a male I think um but Luke teaches
her about the force and let me just tell
you I had so many goose bumps on my body
you could just call me a down pillow but
then she convinced us Luke to leave the
island inside the Millennium Falcon we
get to see Luke in the Millennium Falcon
again and again that gave me so much
goosebumps all over my whole body that a
weird green liquid shot out of my ass
can I just say it was so nostalgic and
fulfilling to see the Millennium Falcon
again after all these decades I mean we
have not seen it since Return of the
Jedi no it was in the last film The
Force awakens oh I did not see that film
now the most important thing about this
pork subplot is that it does not connect
to the main story in any way but you
don't mind because it's just so adorable
well if it does mildly connect because
you know at the end of the film you know
the poor eggs had to just like they had
to climb up on top of each other to get
the fruit they had to do the same thing
at the end to get Ray's lightsaber so
they give the lightsaber back to Rey oh
that's true that's true that was a very
satisfying moment it was that sequence
where the porks were running around the
fourth Death Star then it really it
really took a different direction when
Snoke got up off his throne and stepped
on the pork and we we saw that it's guts
were purple I mean that's something that
we can now add to the Star Wars Canon
let's talk about the big reveal that
Snoke is the father of Anakin Skywalker
he is an ancient ancient Sith Lord who
willed Shmi Skywalker into pregnancy
with Anakin he created Darth Vader by
the will of the darkside
and really when they said that and Luke
discovered this terrible truth that a
deformed CGI monster was his grandfather
I had so many chills go down my spine
that I well setting aside the main
storyline which is Luke and Ray and
Snoke and Adam drivers character
what's-his-name kylo Ren or something
setting aside that main main storyline
the sub storyline is that captain Flay's
m'a has crawled out of the dumpster and
wants revenge on Finn and so they fight
in an epic showdown and let me just say
it made my skin crawl
because it was terrible and I would like
to come back you mentioned captain
phasma I would like to say how
satisfying it was to see that Captain
phasma was still alive because he was my
favorite character in the last film well
now that we have thoroughly discussed
all the major plot points and spoilers
of this film which is okay because the
embargo has lifted now we should really
talk about the cast
that's right Jay the cast simply amazing
Daisy was excellent mark he was great
it's great to have him back
Adam Carey you know rest in peace Carrie
Fisher phenomenal performances maybe
dare I say Oscar worthy but Mike we
should highlight the minority actors in
the film that all play minor roles yes
everyone was excellent
Oscar Lupita Benicio and newcomer Kelly
Marie Tran who plays Rose
that's right rich and it's also worth
noting that star wars the last Jedi is
the very first Star Wars film to be
directed by a minority thus fulfilling
Kathleen Kennedy's promise of having
diversity not only in front of the
camera but behind the camera too Mike
this movie is directed by Rian Johnson
he's very white let's just take a moment
to highlight the diversity in the
director's chair for past and future
Star Wars films it's a very exciting
road ahead
starwars white guy Empire Strikes Back
white guy Return of the Jedi white guy
the Star Wars prequels white guy Star
Wars The Force awakens white guy Star
Wars rogue one white guy Star Wars
Episode 8 white guy the Han Solo
standalone film white guys who were
fired and then replaced with white guy
Star Wars Episode nine white guy who was
fired and replaced with white guy very
cool
yes so much diversity Mike I feel like
we maybe have gotten a little off topic
let's talk about the film that's a great
idea Jay I think we're gonna move on at
this point uh you know Mike it's funny
that you mentioned we're because when
Ryan Johnson officially announced that
the first word in the last Jedi was
weird I was so excited I didn't leave my
house for four days nobody called nobody
noticed I know we're can mean just so
many things so many things so many
things it literally opens up a whole
galaxy full of possibilities well of
course though now that we've seen the
film we know the line is we're going to
Hans funeral you comin of course they
are why wouldn't the whole galaxy want
to attend the funeral of an obscure
elderly space pirate then nobody's heard
of but wait guys there's more I have in
my hand a leaked memo about the episode
9 script that features the first word
uttered in the film oh my god tell me
what it is I need to know this is an
exclusive this is this is it
this is a I can't even talk this isn't
explosive did you say that already I
said this is an exclusive I said it much
more professionally than you did Jay
what is the first word of the episode 9
script this is fucking amazing news what
word is it Jay Jay what's the fucking
word is it some is it
hey oh my god I think it's hello is it
thaw I can tell you if you stop trying
to guess a rich it's just just let me
talk it's it's what what is it it's I
think he's stuttering junior you having
a stroke another fucking first word of
the movie is it's it's it's where's the
apostrophe it's after the tea it's after
the tea it's a contract that means it's
before the S that's me yes it's a
contraction that means it is oh my god
what is it though I don't know
very cool it's could mean so many things
how about it's time to get revenge on
that nasty old smoke or how about it's
an attack look Thai fighters it's time
for someone other than a white dude to
direct a Star Wars movie on that note
it's time to take a moment to thank some
of our sponsors transformers flavor ice
transform your taste buds into flavor
you know Mike when my parents strand me
at a desert planet to fend for myself I
know it's very important to keep my
teeth clean and that's why I use Star
Wars crest minty fresh breath toothpaste
the same kind Rey used she knows it's
important do you another sponsor is
Campbell's bb8 soup it tastes like droid
Chewbacca cheese it's enough to satisfy
the hunger even of a Wookiee
and don't forget salad with a picture of
Star Wars on it
nothing says salad like Star Wars
Aquaman mini-cupcakes
buy tasty cake
it's like an ocean in your mouth giant
Batman candy cane
bb-8 suave shampoo fucking ray band-aids
Superman candy cane Star Wars Captain
phasma gelatin r2d2 razor spider-man
string cheese
Superman razor by Gillette a much
cheaper option of removing your
moustache than spending 50 million
dollars on CGI wow what a cool product
wow what a cool product
and lastly Finn go-gurt
for when you're on the go and you need
to squirt something into your mouth ah
now that we're done with all of our
sponsors and the review embargo has
finally been lifted it feels great to
have talked about what we thought of the
last Jedi that's right and you know what
we can't wait for you to see the movie
yourselves when it officially opens on
December 15th three days from now
wait three days from now no it's four
days today's Monday today's Monday yeah
Monday December 11th yes but the review
embargo lifts Tuesday December 12th but
if today's Monday that means
oh no we'll never be invited to another
premiere again oh no I like feeling
important I love wearing laminates hurry
shut up the fucking camera
