Jan 5, 2017
A Pop Culture Podcast with Red Letter Media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sExTt4j69zI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/817100338310316033
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-a-pop-culture-podcast-by-red-letter-media

Hello, everyone. My name is Mike Stoklasa.
I'm the founder of red letter media 
which is a movie review site
dedicated to all things geek and pop
culture and I'm Jay Bauman I co host an
exclusive online movie review series
called half in the bag
I also appear on the exclusive online
series best of the worst as well as
other online exclusive content at red
letter media calm as wel
and I am rich Evans and I made giant pile of horseshit
well everyone now that we've gotten our
fake professional introductions out of
the way let's get down to business why
we are all here gathered today to talk
about a movie and that movie is rogue
one a Star Wars story yes we should note
full disclosure that we were invited to
an official early screening of rogue one
by an official at Disney but we were
unable to attend due to rich Evans
crippling diabetes um J I was under the
impression it was his crippling
depression actually it was both well J
why don't you tell everybody how the
email went down with the PR person from
Disney
well the PR person from Disney emailed
us and said they've been following our
website for a little while now and
noticed that we have a rather large
following in the geek culture community
as he put it and also that we seem to
have a love of basically every movie
that comes out with almost a blind
automaton like fanboy mentality yeah
it's true it's true we love movies um
they're just supposed to be fun yeah I
mean they're just for fun movies are
just supposed to be fun and really
that's what rogue one is well no it's
not so he said he'd get us into an early
screening of the movie as long as we
gave it an overwhelmingly positive
review and I mean how can you argue with
that it's true it's true um and I love
getting into movies early so you know if
they want a positive
that's that's what they'll get it really
makes you feel better than everybody
else once you get in to see a film early
yes that's right I have more important
more I'm more professional well
especially when it's a movie that's as
good as row one yeah well let's get down
to brass tacks here people let's talk
about rogue one a Star Wars story well
me personally I loved this film it's up
there as far as being one of the best
Star Wars movies ever made possibly
rivaling Empire but at the very least
equal to it rich
well well me personally I love the film
there's all the cool action lots of
great Star Wars tech and of course most
importantly all of the action I think
this is a very important film possibly
the most important Star Wars film and
this is a film that won't be forgotten
for the next 50 maybe even 100 thousand
years um well guys no surprise here me
personally I also loved this film I'm
going to go out on a limb and I'm going
to say better than Empire as far as what
what is maybe one of the best Star Wars
films ever made I don't want to say it's
one of the best films ever made I mean
it's certainly up there but definitely
one of the best Star Wars films ever
made
certainly darker than Empire and I think
that's what we needed now I think you
know in this age of Donald Trump and
terrorism what people want is a dark
Star Wars film I now also think this is
a better Star Wars film than Empire yeah
well it's a better film than Empire
because it's darker exactly yeah and
because this film is darker that means
it's more important um can I just get
one thing clear
from you guys just that means just so
our audience knows to what when you're
saying darker um are you guys talking
about like the brightness of the picture
because I I thought it was fine I mean I
can I could see all the the explosions
and all the cool Star Wars tech and the
x-wings so I really am am i following
you guys on the darker well I don't want
to speak for rich I think he was talking
about the tone of the film rich were you
talking about the tone that was very
hard to see I mean the
visuals and the vistas were just
breathtaking to me and I think that's
what makes it to me a 9 out of 10 it was
really the the the visuals and and did I
say the vistas very very very very nice
vistas I think I think you're forget
about all the cool action scenes though
because in addition to the vistas you
also have a lot like like like when the
kung-fu man I'll had the blind man he
beat up all of the stormtroopers that
was a very deep moment in the film it's
important to point out that vistas can
only take you so far if you don't have a
lot of action and explosions and giant
space vehicles in those vistas then
you're left with nothing really well
well mainly it's space vehicles that we
know and love oh absolutely
just not any space vehicle will do it's
ones that we've seen before and really
that's that's an important key element
to this film and potentially future Star
Wars standalone films and I think this
this is just um it's just a beacon it's
just a beacon of light like a ray of
hope no pun intended
okay so ray in their force awakens also
um well I liked it when it came out now
it sucks but yet rogue one um the the
amount of things you can do with storm
troopers and Tie Fighters and x-wings
and adit walkers and light sabers is
just I mean it's endless well I think
this movie establishes something very
important that I really hope they stick
with when they do future standalone
stories which is make sure it takes
place right around the era of the
original trilogy that way we will
continue to get the same thing over and
over the TIE fighters the x-wings
the Skywalker family all those things as
long as we stay close to the timeline of
the original trilogy I don't see this
ending anytime soon well they stay close
to the original timeline but they still
keep adding to the mythos because we
have that new vehicle now and I'll have
the ATAC T Walker yes yes which is a
totally different type of vehicle than
the 80 80 s
I'm really glad they added that element
it adds a lot more layers to the Star
where's mythos well there there's been a
lot of well first of all let me say me
personally I love this film arm I think
I've said that already
right yeah well it's it bears repeating
because me personally I also really love
this film rich all of that great action
of course I'm okay I think it's I think
it's a fairly unanimous that the three
of us loved this film um but you know
there's some detractors out there who
might not have loved this film as much
as we have um and and some of them say
like well you know the characters
weren't any fun like you know like that
you're supposed to want that like you
know you didn't connect like kind of
like like jargon like terms yeah it
makes me wonder if these people have
ever seen a war film before because at
no point in any war film do we care
about any of the people it's not meant
to be enjoyed
per se as a conventional film well I
think you're overlooking the fact that
the grittiness of this movie that
validates me as an adult who likes a
children's fantasy series I can I can I
can watch Star Wars now and I I don't
have to feel bad I don't have to feel
like a shame shame shame shame for shame
shame deeply shaped deeply ashamed of
myself but there there was a lot of talk
about uh re shooting almost 78 percent
of the film um some reports were up to
96 percent of the film will be shot and
and I think those numbers are a little
over exaggerated I'm gonna go with maybe
one percent one percent reshoots v if v
safe number yeah well me personally and
I loved this film by the way me
personally I loved it and if this is the
results of reshoots then I think every
movie should be tinkered with by the
studio because it totally enhanced the
theater-going experience I mean
supposedly one of the Disney's big
additions was adding Darth Vader into
the film more and I think that was a a
brilliant addition to the film that's
right that's right um I think I think
Disney knows what the fans want and the
fans want Darth Vader hacking people to
death with a lightsaber and you know
it's like it's
it's it's what we always wanted and
they're giving us what we've always
wanted you don't own the line in a new
hope when Princess Leia says you're
still holding Vader's leash right Grand
Moff Tarkin and and now Vader was on a
leash but now he is Unleashed and I
think that that I think that speaks
volumes to what Disney is is attempting
to do with the Star Wars universe is
transform it into something that you
know it was a little hokey in the 70s
and 80s you know it it had a sense of
adventure and wonderment and an
excitement and you know it sparked kids
imaginations but really I think I think
what they're learning now is that what
the fans want is Darth Vader to hack
people to death with a lightsaber well I
do think it's time and me personally I
loved rogue one I loved this film me
personally me too I love this film okay
rich did you did you love this film as
well on me personally I love this film
but I don't want to look like I loved it
too much so I'm going to give it an 8
out of 10 it's a far better film than
the force awakens which I gave a 9 out
of 10 sure sure I mean I me personally I
love this film as well I do think it has
some flaws which we haven't really gone
into because they're just not worth
bringing up but the action and the tone
and the Vista is clearly outweigh the
negatives and so I'm going to give it a
11 out of 10 and and yes it's a you
mentioned flaws and yeah people will
find flaws you can find flaws in
anything you can nitpick any movie if
you really look into yes yes but people
are looking for flaws and and rogue one
it it it wears its flaws on its sleeve
you know it's like it's proud of them
it's a war film that's one thing that
people don't understand it's meant to be
a war film it's meant to accurately
document what war is and you know they
say they ought well they added Darth
Vader as a villain they have a director
cranek as a villain Grand Moff Tarkin is
in there and they say what's muddled
with too many villains well you know
what Ivan Ivan answer for everyone
out there who said that is that life has
too many villains okay and there might
that might seem a little profound
because it is absolutely absolutely and
I will say you know it's a shame that
people feel the need to nitpick so much
a lack of story
lack of likable characters lack of a
satisfying conclusion these are all
nitpicks
these are all just minor elements of a
film and we really need to focus more on
the positive of a film which is vistas
and action yeah what what the big
mistake that people are making when
they're talking about rogue one is that
they think it's a movie right right
that's a very important thing to bring
up it's not a movie it's part of a
cultural phenomenon it's an experience
it's an experience
it's a saga it's a piece to a large
puzzle it's not a movie right it's not
something that you go and you watch the
beginning middle and end and you're
supposed to enjoy it you're not supposed
to enjoy this they want us to feel the
pain that these rebels felt when trying
to get the plans to stop a giant space
ball that shoots lasers it makes you
think it makes me think is that guy
going to be okay after getting that red
lightsaber shoved through his body is he
going to be okay is his family going to
be okay these are real people right
right this is a real story of real
sacrifice I mean people say you know to
the military like thank you for your
service all that that is crap I
never understood why anyone would care
about any of that until I saw rogue
one and now I have a greater
appreciation for the sacrifices of
fictional characters in science fiction
films well that's all the time we have
for the show today we would like to
thank our sponsor a geek crate go to
geek Raycom slash red letter media to
get 10% off your first purchase and geek
kraits Mike why don't you explain what
that is for people a geek crate as Jay
said it's a wonderful company it's a
great sponsor and what it is
is that for you no small fee $69.99 a
month geek crate will send you a crate
it's an actual crate and it's filled
with cheap dollar store toys with your
favorite logos on them you know Star
Wars Marvel DC Comics any of the the
geek culture pop culture items that you
crave now the thing is the items
themselves cost way less than what you
pay for the service but it really is
about the experience every month you get
this box you feel like you're receiving
a gift from nerd culture as a whole
that's what geek culture is it's a sense
of community and really we're all part
of the same geek community as they say
because we're all we're all bonded we
have a connection and that connection is
is nerd culture or geek culture as they
say you know we all like the same things
well I personally love a geek rate
because every month I get a box and
whatever's in there might fill the empty
void in my soul that's a good point to
bring up right that's a good point to
bring up well yeah that's right rich and
I'd like to take this time to thank our
other sponsor nerd box
