Mar 30, 2017
The Nerd Crew Episode 3: Justice League and Star Wars News!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJD5oAruU_Q
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/847420436610555904
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154488066827634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew-episode-3-justice-league-and-star-wars-news

Hello, I'm Mike Stoklasa, owner of red
letter media and Internet conglomerate
corporation currently in chapter 11
bankruptcy and with me today is hello
I'm Jay I'm just a really big fan of
movies I'm what you might call a film
geek as they say or a movie nerd however
you want to label it I just I just love
movies and I'm rich Evans and I'd like
to talk about our sponsors products hey
guys one sponsor at a time now I'm sure
you at home have noticed our brand new
set which is courtesy of Sony Pictures
very cool very cool it's amazing it's
simply amazing now in an unrelated note
I'd like to talk about a couple new
movies that are coming out this year
that we're very excited about very
excited very excited very so excited
Smurfs The Lost village can't wait
spider-man Home Coming The Dark Tower
the emoji movie and the Jumanji remake
which I am personally very excited about
the rock very cool it's gonna be a
refill it's gonna be a huge film it's
gonna be but Mike when can we talk about
the new Justice League trailer hold
tight rich we both know you're really
excited about that film how do we know
that cuz we secretly filmed you watching
the trailer check it out
what
of course the others where are they
can't say anything
oh my god amazing trailer is simply
amazing
now rich before we get to that though we
need to talk about all the new and
exciting things happening in the world
of Star Wars which is not to be confused
with Star Wars land opening in 2019
tickets available soon
yeah yes so many new and exciting things
going on with Star Wars a series that
has been creatively bankrupt since 1983
what did he just say I don't know I
wasn't listening I was enjoying this hot
beverage well me personally guys I love
Marvel and DC but I think Star Wars is
my favorite verse verse short for
expanded universe gosh get with the
long-form storytelling multi film
connected expanded universe grandpa very
cruel very cruel now this might be old
news to some of you out there but
recently Bob showed Disney shareholders
some exclusive footage from episode 8
now Mike when you say Bob you may have
to explain who you're talking about oh
I'm sorry
Bob Iger Disney CEO yeah it's very cool
very cool
I took a photo with him at a convention
once know very cool very cool so you you
have the inside scoop that we wrapped
about the biz you know I said I said
well he said who are you get away from
me
and I said can I have a photo with you
and and then you know he I said I know
who you are you're Bob Iger you're the
CEO of Disney and he said he said what
do you want money he said he was gonna
call the police okay
and I said uh this is a little
embarrassing but I said tell me what
what the plans are with Star Wars and I
was like okay yeah I think anyone in
your position would make that same offer
and then you know somebody pushed me
down and I can't really remember much
after that but yeah me and Bob we go way
back we go way back
very cool very cool very cool anyway
here's what we know
so guys according to my friend Dan who
is an industry insider here's why do you
mean Daniel Miller
the LA Times reporter yeah he tweeted
all this weeks ago everybody knows this
Mike what we know so far is that the
first line of dialogue in episode 8 is
who are you oh and this oh wow and this
line of dialogue is spoken by Luke
Skywalker now I think this line of
dialogue speaks volumes because it's not
just a literal who are you
it's who are you and really that just
gives me the chills
oh wow so so Luke talks in the film and
another shocking revelation revealed is
that Ray has been seen using a
lightsaber she she did in the last film
what and in the force awakens I know and
it was very cool now Mike I think the
question that we need to ask is whose
lightsaber is it does she continued to
use the Skywalker zbrush does Luke have
one of his own or does he help her build
one as part of her Jedi training that's
a very good question
there are literally three possibilities
now I also learned from my friend Dan
that episode 8 is gonna treat us to many
new vistas ooh I love those vistas
mountains forests oceans deserts sky so
many vistas dirt ice so many vistas
water air probably the inside of a
spaceship and other vistas so many
vistas will the desert planet be
Tatooine will it be Jack ooh or will it
be a totally new desert planet is the
forest that Dan spoke of Endor
I literally have two questions now Mike
well I am super stoked for Episode eight
and nine as well as episodes 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 and 25 what I am
really looking forward to is the
standalone Han Solo prequel film that's
right Jay well me personally I'm very
excited to learn about how Han Solo got
his name where he got his blaster or his
famous belt but most importantly I'm
excited to learn how he met Chewbacca
now I think most of you know that George
Lucas had originally planned to have Han
Solo raised by Chewbacca as a small boy
on the wookie planet Kashyyyk now I
think Disney is scrapping that idea cuz
it's totally gay and they're going with
something more epic and awesome and
forgettable
I mean memorable memorable but Mike I
think the most important thing that we
will learn is how Han Solo got the
Millennium Falcon all right let's give
it up for the Falcon yes the Millennium
Falcon I'm familiar with it and you know
J we are guaranteed an appearance by the
Millennium Falcon because they released
that cast photo and in the photo I see
the cockpit for the Millennium Falcon I
saw that I recognized it and I
appreciated that they put something in
the film that I've seen before I mean
how can you make a han Solo prequel film
without having the Blenheim Falcon
people would fucking riot and as much as
I love Star Wars which I do me
personally I love Star Wars I always
thought the original films lacked that
backstory for Han Solo and that's really
what held those movies back from being
as good as they could be well I want to
know how Han Solo got his boots and I
want to know what kind of boots they are
it's very important because those boots
walked around on the inside of a giant
space slug where my Knock attacked the
Falcon and so is all those boots
acid-resistant
like what are they made out of are they
Karelian armor this is a gross oversight
in the original trilogy and to me
nothing says Star Wars like Woody
Harrelson he bought those boo
at the space store which I'm
fact-checking this on Wikipedia and I
don't see anything listed about a space
store is there a specific name
did we just uncover like do you have an
insider that has given you this
information this is this is breaking
news everybody making news breaking news
you were hearing it here first courtesy
of rich Evans Han Solo bought his boots
at the space store now what planet would
that be on you can't you can't be
fucking serious
I mean jesus fucking christ is every
fucking detail in the goddamn Star
guys I think it's finally time to talk
about the Justice League trailer and it
looks amazing
that's right rich and while the footage
was very difficult to see dour
depressing dark uninspired monochromatic
and sickening it is one of the best
trailers I've ever seen in my whole life
now I think that the lack of rain and
lightning was a very nice touch it shows
that they're willing to you know lighten
things up a little bit
what's interesting to Jay is that DC
seems to be shifting towards a formula
like Marvel uses that's true Mike there
was many lol moments in this trailer
especially this one from Bruce Wayne at
least I think that was Bruce Wayne the
image was very dark it could have been
Aquaman or a homeless man yeah because
I've always seen Batman as a comic
relief character Batman can be very
funny rich haven't you seen the Lego
Batman movie it's very funny and me
personally I love this trend of
including pop songs in these comic book
movies as kind of a counterbalance a
concept that was originally pioneered by
the film guardians of the galaxy it how
do you say broke new ground
that's right first in this trailer we
hear the song seven nation army by Jack
Black
well technically Jay the band is called
the white keys the the song is called
the hardest button to button by the
White Stripes then of course the second
song used in the trailer has come
together which operates on many levels
mainly one I think the foresight in
using that particular song was genius
while speaking of the song come together
me personally I love the Rolling Stones
so I got very excited when I heard that
song in this trailer one of their best
tunes ironically all the DC fanboys that
watch this trailer they also came
together audience come together come
together in theaters around the world
mainly China to watch this film oh I was
talking about ejaculating
well let's talk about the plot to this
movie and one interesting note no sign
of Superman anywhere in the Justice
League trailer now why is that where's
Superman where's Superman in this
trailer
I saw Lois Lane but they haven't shown a
Superman yet well he died in the last
film what in in Man of Steel Superman
died no he died in Batman vs Superman it
was the finale of the film oh shit
I totally fucking forgot that happen I
mean what a memorable scene it was a
very emotional very memorable scene very
touching that movie already come out now
guys I'm gonna go out on a limb and I'm
gonna make some predictions about the
film okay one the movie will look like a
muddy rain puddle a visual equivalent of
a pothole now Mike I know a lot of
people dog on Zack Snyder for his visual
style because when you think of the
Justice League I think generally people
think of something more colorful like
this but really the idea of taking a fun
group of superheroes saving the day and
giving it the visual style that makes it
look like footage of the Holocaust is
really a bold choice and bold choices
should be celebrated not criticized yeah
not not criticized not criticized at all
in fact any any anyone criticizing the
film should be silenced by force because
I think the problem is that these films
are just too smart for some people
they're so confident in their vision
that they are constantly second-guessing
themselves and changing their decisions
at the last minute yeah which really
shows how much they care yeah they're
just following suit and whatever is
popular at the moment and like a
bellwether changing directions at the
slightest breeze but but only when it
comes to music and humor and I think
that's the the really interesting thing
that they're doing is that regardless of
these comedic elements they add to their
films their movies still look like a
fucking nightmare they're wise enough to
see the criticisms of their films and
then keep the things that are criticized
and change other things
oh oh oh no Ju you don't eat shampoo Oh
so my question now is now that we have
you know the full trailer for the
Justice League movie what what kind of
information can we get about the movie
itself based on the trailer that's right
so many great films to look forward to
oh oh this is breaking news the
spider-man homecoming full trailer is
now online oh my god Oh top from songs
calm okay
hey Todd what's up yeah fuck there's
already been 36,000 trailer reaction
videos on YouTube we're already behind
the curve rich no no I haven't seen it
yet
I am doing a show on the jib is it
Justice League the Justice League yes
the new DC product okay yeah I get them
all confused yeah shut the Justice
League that's different Avengers right
yeah okay
no I'm gonna check out this the
spider-man thing after we wrapped here
and then you know we'll get a breakdown
ready and going soon I just got 15
emails from from the higher-ups they
want us to talk about the spider-man
home come yeah yeah I like like now
we're good we're gonna get to it I
haven't even watched the fucking trailer
yet did the check clear do I like it
they're saying to downplay the fact that
this is the third reboot okay and to not
mention Tobey Maguire or Andrew Garfield
to Sony they don't exist anymore and
those movie shares Cherie okay all right
that sounds good Todd
we will get shooting on this right away
we're gonna have to remember to cut all
this yeah note to our editor make sure
you cut all this out of the final video
yes okay yeah yeah we'll get this up
probably in 24 hours or less may finally
have it up quicker than that yeah
hopefully 12 we can save time we'll
watch the trailer after yes Todd wants
it up within the hour
okay we can do that well the problem is
is Rick our editor he's at the hospital
his wife's having a baby
Fox I know that fucking bitch listen I I
will tell him to to to get here ASAP I
know this is important
it's another superhero film and it's a
big deal and you know we got to get the
word out so yeah I'll call Rick right
now and we'll get this
we'll get this shit going all right Todd
yeah yeah yeah yeah best I'll be right
back I have to go take my abandoned
