Feb 1, 2018
Solo: A Star Wars Story â€“ Teaser Trailer Breakdown!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80T59B2RVOo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/959233015401664512
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155381227562634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-solo-a-star-wars-story-teaser-trailer-breakdown

hello everyone and welcome to the nerd
crew I'm Jay and I'm the kind of guy
that's really into obscure arthouse and
horror films but lord knows that doesn't
get clicks and I'm Mike and I gave up a
very important and fulfilling job as an
end-of-life grief counselor so that I
could speculate about pointless
blockbusters on the internet on a fake
TV show but lord knows this pays a whole
lot more
thanks Disney I'm a celebrity and I'm
rich Evans famously I am the first
person to have been diagnosed with Type
thirteen diabetes oh wow
type thirteen diabetes I didn't know
went up so high oh well for me it does
five and look at sugar I go right into a
diabetic coma okay and today's sponsor
is coca-cola
enjoy the taste should he be doing that
I don't know the refreshment
now is that normal after drinking
coca-cola
well everyone today is the day we've
been waiting for since the last day
we've been waiting for the official
teaser trailer for the Han Solo
standalone film solo a Star Wars story
has finally dropped what what what what
what what Han Solo in the house that's
my line that's right
now the trailer dropped today and I have
a pretty good feeling that we are going
to be the first on the Internet to give
our exclusive trailer reactions I have a
very good feeling about that too Jay so
my first reaction to seeing this trailer
is wow so Wow
first of all let me say after watching
this trailer I could think of two words
that come to mind the first one starts
with V the second one starts with C boy
cog which is of course Swedish for I'm
very excited about the release of this
film very cool okay well here we are
it's February and you
the movie it's only coming out in like
three months and everyone's like where
is this trailer where's the trailer
trailer a lot of worries about this film
with all the rumored you know production
troubles but you know I got to say
everything was unfounded they hit it out
of the park well you know we always get
once these films come out on blu-ray or
digital platforms we always get
behind-the-scenes featurettes and those
have shown in the past that there is
absolutely no problems with the
production of these films right so I'm
sure when the Han Solo blu-ray comes out
we will see how smooth the entire
production was yeah another one of these
lies was the fact that that Lord and
Miller the the two guys who created the
the lego movie and and a bunch of other
stuff they they were signed to to direct
this film and they essentially made it
into a joke and and they all over
it and then they got fired and they had
to reshoot 90% of the film by bringing
in Hollywood hack Ron Howard too as
basically a yes-man to reshoot the film
as written by Lawrence Kasdan and let me
just say I'm glad they did because what
I saw today in this trailer amazed me
well you know they said that Alden
Ehrenreich needed acting lessons well
what I really appreciated about this
trailer is that it feels new but
familiar that's true Jeff it feels
different
but the same it's the thing you know but
it's like you're seeing it for the first
time it's giving me goosebumps I like
Star Wars
I like walkers 80 eighties I tell you
man like a walker because you need help
getting around because of your type 13
diabetes it's very hard for but it's
true oh my god
all right so can we talk about a java
old Jabba the Hutt shows up in this
trailer I was not expecting that no that
was a complete surprise and you know you
know what when rogue one came out a lot
of people made a big deal about the
Harken cgi I thought it looked fantastic
some people weren't so sure about it it
was so lifelike so lifelike but the CGI
model of Java looks just like the real
Java that's right rich that's right rich
they have really upped their game since
the special editions do you remember
that
I mean Java looked like he looked like a
smear on my windshield it looked great
for the time it looked great we've got a
retcon that statement would look great
for the time everybody absolutely I
think you know for the sake of
comparison let's let's do a side by side
right now on the right end of the screen
you're going to see the job from Return
of the Jedi on the left half of the
screen look here's that here's the Java
from the Han Solo trailer you you can't
tell the difference Wow yeah it looks so
much like the original puppet from
Return of the Jedi did you know that the
real Jabba the puppet cost seven hundred
thousand dollars to make the CGI for
this seven hundred million that is just
a really smart financial decision if you
ask me worth every penny I have no idea
how Kathleen Kennedy is still employed I
mean she she's doing a great job well
going along with that I do think it's a
very bold decision to essentially
reshoot your entire multi-million dollar
film that shows how much confidence they
had absolutely absolutely rich you think
normally investing hundreds of millions
of dollars into something then scrapping
it and starting over
you think heads would roll on a
corporate level but no it's just another
day at the office his name Lucas fell
it's just another day at the office and
you know what I'm okay with that
that just means more star wars well
they're there they're perfectionists
they're just trying to get it absolutely
perfect so when they release it to the
general audience we can go see it and
forget about it in a week that's a
really interesting point Jay about
perfectionism George Lucas once said a
film is never really done it's always
being made
and and and he's right when they were
99% done with the Han Solo movie it
wasn't really done so they started over
so really they're they're they're
adhering to the spirit of George Lucas
who of course created Star Wars and that
makes me that makes me very happy and I
think I think we we need to give George
Lucas a round of applause for that oh
absolutely absolutely
so starting over I can't thank him
enough for the CGI rocks in front of
r2d2 in a new hope it made so much sense
because I really thought how the
can they not see that droid all the
villains are back boy I can't believe
we're getting Jabba am Bubba fest is
gonna be so amazing so many
things I've seen before now I have to
say the biggest surprise from this
trailer is something that I absolutely
was not expecting from the film which is
an appearance by Boba Fett's
very cool very cool
oh that's the casino plan oh I
don't remember he wins the Falcon and a
bet I bet that's where he wins the
Falcon we're gonna see the Falcon in
this well we should really talk about
what this entire trailer leads up to the
most exciting moment in any trailer I've
ever seen since the last Star Wars film
which is Han meeting Chewie yes yes Wow
we know they're gonna have so many
adventures and so that's why I got goose
bumps and also because I have AIDS but
then it cuts to the ending and and we
need to talk about the end of this
trailer if you want to talk about chills
I mean I'm in Siberia in the winter we
see Lightspeed and we see ships flying
and I know this is the Kessel run
because at last we see the Falcon and it
flies by and then we get the title like
are you going to be okay are you going
to be all right what is this trailer
done to you I know it was it was
scientifically engineered to have
maximum impacts we all plotted I
applauded I I clapped three times I knew
at that moment that we were going to see
the Kessel run which was a throwaway
line ad-libbed by Harrison Ford in 1977
but I know we were finally going to see
the Kessel run and that's something
literally I've been waiting my whole
life
to see you know I was expecting it it
seems like the most obvious thing they
would put in this film but that's what
makes it so comfortable well you know
the last Jedi subverted people's
expectations and nobody liked it let's
let's talk about the title they're so
confident in this film that's for the
Chinese market they've changed the title
so it has no connection to Star Wars
they change the title to Ranger solo I
think they're doing everything they can
to to have the Chinese audience really
enjoy these films and what they really
should just show is a screen you have to
admire Kathleen Kennedy and Disney and
Lucasfilm for doing their best to just
completely trick everyone in China into
seeing the film just tricking that's
really the best way to sell your product
absolutely is with the trick it worked
well for the Snuggie look at Apollo 13
there's a new Ron Howard space movie in
the house Wow Thirteen's a big pile of
compared to this movie well
needless to say I think we're all very
excited to see this new Han Solo oh yes
oh yes okay have you purchased your
tickets yet oh you know I haven't
purchased my tickets yet because even
though the film comes out in just you
know three months or so they're not
available yet really yeah I'm starting
to wonder if they have so little
confidence in the film that they'll just
release it direct and Netflix or
something I mean it worked out well for
Brite
yeah that makes sense but I wouldn't
imagine they would what rich no no of no
rich no no no don't drink the coke No
so Jay are you looking forward to an
affinity I cannot wait to see fan OHS on
the big screen on so many Marvel
characters in one film I am so excited
for that absolutely absolutely
