Feb 5, 2018
Han Solo Teaser â€“ Red Letter Media OFFICIAL REACTION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1G62KHmuXM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/960540268574502917
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/han-solo-teaser-red-letter-media-official-reaction

first thing we see is cryptic shots of
pencil so we're not exactly sure but
until we see the blaster oh that's his
blaster that's the spot oh that's yeah
that's on so a little see here he is oh
sure oh you know what I think that's I
think that's the spice mines of Kessel
oh yeah I think you're right you're
right - oh you're right I see the plumes
of smoke wow this is some amazing
artwork this is amazing these vistas I'm
putting together a crew was that one
here Olson character talking I think so
some place awesome they just this is
gonna be great or they gambling oh yeah
it's called Kent you know bite you know
bite from the from the last Jeff this is
probably where hunts oh look at this
nice nice everyone the selenium focus
the Belkin in a bet he reads the Falcon
in a bet oh my god is that cheese chips
chips assignment of tunnel what was the
movie did the an Theaster forum with
Russell back Pat's rap lookout backdraft
there's a new Ron Howard academy award
in the house
