Oct 16, 2018
The Nerd Crew: Franchise Movie News!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5ZchzyDPJw
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1052183154868592640
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155961293337634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-franchise-movie-news
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/9onf7y/the_nerd_crew_franchise_movie_news/

hello and welcome to another episode of
the nerd I'm Mike and boy oh boy am I
excited about the future of movies
especially Star Wars and/or superhero
movies fuck yeah and I'm J I'm what you
might call a soulless brainless
disgusting sinka fan just kidding I love
movies too and I'm rich Evans rich
what's what's the matter buddy
well Bob Iger of Disney recently
announced that they're they're scaling
back production on Star Wars movies now
now instead of eight or twelve movies a
year we're only getting one just imagine
living in a world where you only get one
franchise film a year it's outrageous
it's a fucking outrageous yes rich that
does sound sad indeed although I can't
feel anything right now because I've
been taking gonk gonk a new
antidepressant from Pfizer chemicals
made specifically for Star Wars fans rid
yourself of emotions like anticipation
frustration and disappointment all
emotions associated with Disney's Star
Wars films now you can spend your days
living life like a gonk droid Gong Gong
it's funny because Disney had plans for
eleven trilogies 26 annual standalone
films 19 TV series 9 animated shows and
5 web series but they canceled it all
because of one flop
only one everyday rich if you take too
many you turn into Peter Mayhew oh no
Jay
rich is overdosed on gong honk he's a
fan of DC movies now it's s like it's
all like like blue and and dark right I
mean it's like it's not meant for
children Ike we got a call like poison
control or something it's all in there
man like that that Jesus imagery it fits
Superman so perfect cuz he's he's like
Jesus he wants to save the world but the
world doesn't appreciate it Batman
doesn't appreciate it there's something
seriously wrong with this brain release
the Schneider cut well back to Star Wars
news there is one positive thing
recently Jon Favreau Star Wars show is
gonna happen
it's called Star Wars Mandalorian and
it's about Boba Fett or Boba Fett's race
or culture or something I guess there's
a planet called Mandalore
I do
mysterious you were smash
roxtor wait wait guys I forgot what
we're clapping for this week um check
your email see what Bob said yeah I
think it was the I think was the boba
fett show Star Wars Mandalorian oh god I
give it up for Boba Fett well guys
that's enough about Star Wars for now
wow I never thought I'd say those words
but let's talk about some changes coming
up to our favorite cinematic universes
first up just announced there's gonna be
a new venom movie starring Topher Grace
as venom oh no Mike I think your brain
is broken yeah Topher Grace was venom in
the spider-man 3
I like being bad
it makes me happy yeah Tom Hardy is
venom now oh no no the Tom Hardy venom
film is already in the dumpster they're
remaking that starring Topher Grace yes
and on that note Topher Grace will also
be playing the Joker in a standalone
film it's all true guys I'm not making
any of this shit up it's all right here
on the official nerd crew computron this
thing is hardwired straight to Hollywood
and my inside sources are feeding me
top-secret movie information
sorry Darth some new information is
coming
it looks like Topher Grace is now out as
the Joker
I thought Joaquin Phoenix is playing the
Joker Oh simple J there are currently
four Joker's standalone films being
produced each in their own Cinematic
Universe get with the times ya idiot
don't be confused just four different
Joker continuities four movies how hard
is it to follow why don't they make one
first and see if it works
idiot he's so dumb you so dumb let me
break it down for you J there's Joker
the Joker Joker last laugh and Joker's
wild all four of these films starring
these actors respectively Joaquin
Phoenix Evan Peters Daniel Radcliffe and
and Ben Affleck
what the fuck wait Ben Affleck as the
Joker well him and Henry Cavill are out
as Batman and Superman in the DC
Cinematic Universe they're scrapping
everything from the Justice League just
starting over
what about Wonder Woman not happening
what about the Ben Affleck standalone
Batman film not happening Oh what about
not happening or not happening cancelled
not happening cancelled
not happening scrapped recasted Rashad
flush down the fucking toilet
happening won't it be weird to have the
same man who played Batman playing the
Joker
don't ask questions just consume product
and then get excited for next products
listen to Jay wait hold on
Affleck is now out as the Joker
cancelled this just came through the
wires I was so fucking excited for him
too when I found out about it five
seconds ago he would have made a great
Joker he would have made a great jungle
Rob's playing villains I hear he's been
training you know I'm let down but I'm
also excited about what this means for
the future of these valuable franchises
that we all love that's right that's
right stay on script some may see these
changes as a desperate attempt to change
course but I see them as
wait no information is coming through
now Ben Affleck will be playing venom
when the Topher Grace reboot of the Tom
Hardy film flops we're talking three
films down the road I'm very excited
about this very cool it sounds very cool
very very cool I can see Ben Affleck as
venom you know he's kind of a monster in
real life wait a minute guys some new
information is coming through now
there's a new deal happening
the fourth Joker standalone film Joker's
wild will be a gender swap film we'll
have our first female Joker oh thank
goodness the world has been waiting for
a female Joker at lasts finally a female
Joker's this is great finally we've been
waiting for a female Joker's Raven was
so brave finally this is such great
progress for women and female clowns and
psychotic female clowns because mental
illness is no laughing matter and you
know a gender swap Joker film means
we're also getting our first female
Batman outside of Batgirl and bat woman
finally
but Mike what about Harley Quinn okay my
source says Harley Quinn will be a male
character called Charlie Quinn that's
pretty clever
and he will be played by wait the deals
going through now he'll be played by
Colin Quinn I think the last name is a
coincidence
that the gender swap Harley Quinn
Charlie Quinn is also going to be the
first Harley Quinn to have a who will
play this character Charlie Sheen
while rich you held on to that aids
longer than Magic Johnson hold on guys
the first female Joker will be played by
Scarlett Johansson black widow what
about The Avengers movies well I heard
that after Avengers for infinity War
part 2 they're rebooting the Avengers
and it's gonna be a gender flipped
Avengers oh my god we're gonna have
she-hulk the female Thor and maybe even
the first appearance of black spider-man
oh I can't wait to finally see a white
black panther finally can we cut this
can we cut hold on guys a new clickbait
articles coming through I mean
information new information is coming
through the computron the first male
Harley Quinn will be played by Margo
Roby what she she already please Harley
Quinn and she's a lady yes I know but my
very credible source here says she's
planning to get gender reassignment
surgery and will in fact be male by 2026
the film's planned release date what I
mean finally that's just wonderful
it's wonderful that we'll finally have
the first female-to-male Charlie Quinn
played by a former female who once
played Harley Quinn so many firsts so
many firsts so many firsts
that's right so many firsts and here
comes another one that's off the hotline
it looks like even though Hugh Jackman
has said he's retired as the Wolverine
he might be back in a new film called
Wolverine versus the Hulk oh my god I'm
gonna get in line right now it's the
same line I weighed in to get into the
homeless shelter
that camping gear isn't for camping wait
why do they play films at the homeless
shelter yes yes finally the x-men can
meet the Avengers well don't get too
excited J according to this Hugh Jackman
will be playing the Hulk and Mark
Ruffalo will be playing Wolverine right
yeah it says here that one of the
stipulations for Jackman returning was
that he wanted to play the Hulk instead
he was tired of playing The Wolverine
and so Ruffalo had signed so that this
is terrible why would you do that
Jackman is the Wolverine yeah this is
just gonna horribly confuse everybody it
doesn't make any sense it's a terrible
terrible they should just cancel it yeah
wait what what what oh I mean this
sounds great very cool hey my very core
excited to see the movie now very cool
yeah gotta give it up give it up but
guys the thing that we're ignoring here
is that both these men are professional
actors and actors can transform so while
they both are famous for playing their
respective roles I mean a switch could
could be interesting it's like face-off
hold on guys some information is coming
through now it looks like they're
remaking Man of Steel and this time cast
as Superman is Henry Cavill and Zack
Snyder is attached to direct you know
Mike are you sure this thing's accurate
I can't tell this information is real or
not yeah is this really connected to
Hollywood um I think so
the guy who sold it to me at the pawn
shop said it was well let's just test it
out by asking it questions things we've
all been speculating about on the
Internet okay that's a good idea yeah Oh
can you ask it who the villains gonna be
in the next spider-man movie will Idris
Elba ever play James Bond is there gonna
be another Mad Max movie starring Tom
Hardy if Captain Marvel is so darn
powerful then how come she couldn't get
out
room who was going to die in the next
Avengers movie who is going to die in
the last Avengers movie who is going to
come back to life in the next Avengers
movie
who is Avengers movie will Ryan Johnson
to get his Star Wars trilogy Patrick
Stewart lived long enough to finish the
new Picard series CBS all access lasts
long enough to make the new Picard
series what is CBS all access will Alden
Ehrenreich ever work again when are they
going to remake Creature from the Black
Seas people that saw a billionaire boys
club
how many executives at DC killed
themselves and when are we gonna get a
cyborg standalone film Stan Lee ever die
this is out of control
I wrote my god that you binders that
fire
