Sep 01, 2019
The Nerd Crew: D23, Star Wars, D23, Disney+ and Streaming Services
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qejGHLAbo_c
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1168136403450023940
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156659188682634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-d23-star-wars-d23-disney-and-streaming-services

hello and welcome to another episode of
the nerd today's episode is sponsored by
loot crate
sorry correction today's episode is
sponsored by Habash and rothman
bankruptcy attorneys they'll make it
heaven to file Chapter eleven and I'm
Jay and I was told that I need to talk
faster and in a higher pitch voice you
know like a radio DJ or a member of
generation iPhone analytics says the
slower you talk the quicker someone
swipes off the video it's true it's true
and I'm rich I'm a graduate of the
school of radio broadcast I'm having a
wonderful day today house house everyone
else and on today's episode of the nerd
crew we've got a lot of subjects to
cover in the world of pop culture and
entertainment topics like the Sony
Marvel divorce and what it means for the
future of the MCU and we've got new
footage from episode 9 and what it means
for the future of Star Wars and also a
recap from all the events from d23 and
what this means for the future of movies
and look you got to talk faster dude
more energy they're gonna replace us you
can only turn your hat so far sideways
to hide the fact that you're 48 okay but
I'm 52 you're 52 no 42 so apparently the
arrangement that Sony had with Marvel to
allow spider-man in the MCU had an
expiration date and just like spoiled
milk a lot of fans are sour on this idea
damn straight that's right Mike this is
the first thing I can say isn't very
cool how dare anyone crossed Disney
I don't know what's gonna happen with
Tom Holland but I'm so fucking angry
will they go back to Andrew Garfield I
don't know rich we don't know and what
about Tobey Maguire an elbow a
spider-man could be a fun twist how dare
anyone not allowed Disney to maintain
their media monopoly on every character
ever created especially with how
wonderfully they've handled Star Wars I
mean remember this character is this
little red riding-hood is this a Polish
immigrant I think that's Princess Leia
why is she wearing Old Navy clothes does
she have anything to do with this what
is that I don't know is that a Tribble
what is this look guys this is all too
depressing let's move on now before we
get into all the details of d23 let's
talk about episode 9 damn straight
the poster was finally released and boy
oh boy is it exciting take a look Wow
Wow amazing it's it's stunning very cool
you know I just love fan art you know
it's it's such a wonderful thing when
kids learn to use Photoshop for the very
first time you know someday this child
might be a very good graphic design
artist someday
that's right rich very cool
but seriously Jay let's see the real
poster this is clearly the cover of a
child's coloring book or some kind of
large print why a novel oh no guys this
is the real poster it's not from Robot
Chicken did Drew Struzan die did we do a
video on that no he's still alive what
well either way I have to say Ian
McDermott looks great as Emperor
Palpatine I'm so excited that he's back
oh no that's not him it's a toy they
they just photoshopped a toy it's not an
original artwork the the movie poster a
toy yeah like they took a high-res image
that already existed of a toy and they
just this put it on the poster I
literally don't believe you you're not
known for pranks and we don't do pranks
on each other on this show that's an
unspoken rule because sometimes we can't
tell what footage from movies is real or
not but you ain't breaking us are you
okay I'm not fucking with you guys this
is the real poster this is officially
released let's move on now this of
course leads us into the trailer which
we can't really call a trailer it's more
like a clip show of past Star Wars films
with a little bit of tease of episode 9
little tease and just I'm just
salivating for those new images there
was only six or seven but well the thing
I'm excited about is that this film is
continuing the themes that Rian Johnson
set up in his film you know let the past
die kill it if you have to and they they
really expand on this by having half of
the trailer just be footage of past
films and even the new footage was all
things we've seen before Star Destroyer
c-3po s every shot is either a ship or a
lightsaber and that's very cool and it
is very cool I think I don't want to
speak out of turn but I think I heard
Darth Vader
what about Ray who you know I had to say
guys well III definitely loved star we
all love Star Wars more than anything I
know that was very excited about this
that's what the fuck is he doing I mean
there was some lot of images the things
we saw before there was there's the
Burning Man it was that weird grid of
Star Destroyers it just didn't look like
it had anything new to say he's going
off script I think I think I'm just kind
of sick of it is it he's bitching about
Star Wars is he alright I love Star Wars
very cool other stuff to report from the
exciting world of pop culture and the
d23 convention is the awesome array of
new shows and movies coming to you the
consumer via a variety of platforms and
options and who doesn't love options
while most people have subscriptions to
live TV via cable or satellite through
places like DirecTV Dish Network Cox
Comcast Time Warner or spectrum that's
right Jane people also have accounts
with streaming services - like Netflix
Amazon Prime
Hulu sling YouTube TV and so on oh hold
on I gotta I gotta write all of these
down I have nothing but a TV and rabbit
ears at home I've been getting nothing
but static for years I thought it was
just me oh god I gotta I gotta sign up
for all of these streaming services
right now with this credit card I found
on the ground in the parking lot
which is that someone else's credit card
no one thing that seemed to be a
game-changer at this year's d23 was all
the new Marvel and Star Wars content
that you can only see by paying another
monthly fee on top of the hundreds of
other monthly fees you already have are
we supposed to be going into a recession
soon that means it's the perfect time to
introduce hundreds and hundreds of new
streaming services that will literally
bankrupt the consumer Mike let me tell
you I love my Netflix subscription and
I'm going to keep that because I can
watch friends and the office anytime I
want
not anymore J NBC and Universal are
starting their own streaming service and
that'll be the only place where you
could see those shows now I heard after
getting canceled that ap bio will be on
a streaming service too that's right
will it be on Netflix no well since
they're going to continue to make new
episodes of ap bio will I still be able
to watch it on NBC via my cable provider
that's extra that's awesome another
monthly fee and it doesn't stop there
NBC owns other channels too like Bravo
II sci-fi USA and oxygen to see any
shows from those networks you'll need a
separate streaming service Wow this is
also conveying and I also just signed up
for Apple TV Plus which will feature a
reboot of Amazing Stories
remember that Oh TV plus so your
grandfather told you about amazing
stories Jay I've been waiting my whole
life for the Amazing Stories reboot
especially after the Twilight Zone
reboot on CBS all access what quality I
didn't feel tricked at all I'm signing
up for Apple TV Plus and CBS all access
right now will that let me watch Star
Trek yes and the movies to know you'll
need Paramount Plus for that
uh-huh let me sign up for that 100 you
know what what about Babylon 5 I used to
really like that show but I lost my DVDs
no that's on Warner Plus no wait
Warner Archive Warner plus is for movies
and TV shows that are more recent than
10 years 10 years or older is on Warner
Archive unless it's something that's a
co-production with Warner Brothers and
paramount then it's on the para Warner
Plus streaming service this is starting
to sound confusing how will I know what
to watch where well you can always
consult this handy manual Babylon 5 is
under B I think there's a downloadable
version too
oh there's no index it's not an
alphabetical order they're just listed
randomly but what I'm most excited for
on appletv plus is the new Reese
Witherspoon talk-show drama and the
Oprah Winfrey documentary series you
know Jam really surprised you're excited
about that
I saw you more as a horror guy well I am
which is why I'm also subscribed to
shutters streaming service that's the
only place you can see the exclusive
Nosferatu TV show starring Zachary
Quinto oh my god I've been waiting my
whole life for that rich you better sign
up for shudder - damn straight but those
aren't the only streaming services
offering original programming we can't
forget about voodoo or Discovery Channel
/ BBC HBO max ABC + the CW + Fox +
Showtime go stars not ent + Nick now FX
+ FX now FX + + FX now plus plus plus
MTV - HGTV ext V Plus TLC instant now
Wow Food Network to go and so on
Wow Jay but isn't having a separate
streaming service for every network kind
of like having a cable TV subscription
just more expensive voice wombling
their older boy girl boy what does any
of this have to do with Marvel or Star
Wars he's right Mike I hear there's
going to be a new obi-wan kenobe movie
starring you and McGregor oh well
that's actually going to be a TV show
that you could only see on Disney Plus
how much will Disney Plus be
the most basic package is 659 dollars a
month that's cool
did I mention I found this credit card
on the ground in the parking lot but
Mike what about the new Boba Fett movie
the Mandalorian when is that going to be
released in movie theaters
it won't it's a TV show
well Star Wars 9 be the last Star Wars
movie released in movie theaters yes so
you should go sign up for Disney Plus
right now like a good loyal fan who
remember the mantra loyalty to Disney
loyalty to the brand loyalty salvation
loyalty is life what other amazing
content is coming to Disney Plus that
can only be seen on Disney Plus so you
have to sign up for Disney Plus right
away sign up for Disney Plus well
there's she-hulk rheya and The Last
Dragon
Spidey amazing friends Phineas and Ferb
the movie
Candace against the universe will they
have a Lizzie McGuire reboot yes the
Lizzie McGuire reboot more Muppets no
one wants what about the computer wore
tennis shoes absolutely then we have MS
marvel TV show
Loki TV show Falcon and the Winter
Soldier TV show what F TV show division
TV show ITV show night TV show that's
fuckin insane that so many TV shows will
be designated to one streaming service
it's like I have to sign up for it or
I'll literally die so in order to view
all of this Marvel content I have to be
signed up to Disney Plus oh no I'll be
out of the loop I have to sign up right
now I need to make comments on the
Internet well what's that but what is
that oh no in addition to owning the
Muppets Marvel Star Wars and the x-men
Disney's just purchased Hasbro oh my god
that's fuckin awesome this is what I've
always wanted
they're launching the new Hasbro Plus
streaming service which will feature
interactive games and anime
and live-action original exclusive TV
show content based on the following
properties play-doh Cabbage Patch Kids
gobots nerve my pet monster mask pound
puppies Hungry Hungry Hippos Magic the
Gathering
Candyland clue monopoly and so many more
I literally just shit myself they're
going to exclusively feature the
battleship movie wow that literally
vanished off the face of the earth
they brought it back for Hasbro Plus Wow
I have nothing but free time to watch
all of these original shows Hollywood
now employs more people than the federal
government well me personally I'm very
excited about a lite-brite TV show
imagine every night at 3 a.m. a little
girl wakes up to her light bright
displaying a message it tells her who
will die the next day and where so she
has to skip school to help stop this
horrible violent crime before it happens
Mike isn't that a little dark for a
children's lite-brite show no pun
intended
shut the fuck up Jay you fucking I'm
gonna pitch this concept to shudder it's
gonna be a co-production with Hasbro
Plus don't you know how the fucking
industry works this is Hollywood baby
we're on YouTube Mike if you knew about
the industry so much how come you
weren't invited to the opening of
galaxy's edge yeah you don't have to
come back for that do you motherfuck
wait stop everybody General Mills is
starting up a new streaming service G+
or the mill to the hip kids oh my god
it's gonna feature new and exclusive
animated and live-action TV shows based
on everyone's favorite cereals Boo Berry
Count Chocula Cheerios ethereal of
cereals
yeah that's what he said and shows about
serial killers on the General Mills yeah
well the guy that started General Mills
was a serial killer oh very cool he was
a psychopath that murdered his whole
family but rich what about Captain
Crunch I've been waiting my whole adult
life for an animated TV show about The
Adventures of Captain Crunch
Mike Captain Crunch is made by Quaker
Oats a division of Pepsi Company well
when will they start a streaming service
you know every time I drink too much
Pepsi I have a streaming service
don't quit your day job which is a
comedian wait wait
DC just started a new streaming service
DC plus they're gonna oh they're
cancelled huh oh god what's happening
now Disney just bought ExxonMobil and
Kroger one of the largest grocery store
companies in the u.s. that's that's
awesome very cool I think huh
so Disney's going to launch the new
Disney Plus basic needs streaming
service oh rich that sounds awesome
please tell me more okay well in order
to get access to gas and food you'll
have to pay a hundred and fifty $9.99 a
month and you and individual family
members will be assigned a number
designation for example D two nine four
nine eight four it can be carried on you
want a card format or an arm Tetsu can
be applied microchips coming in 2025 in
order to purchase groceries you'll have
to launch the app and scan it at the
register to ensure your fees have been
paid and that Disney has allowed you
clearance to purchase food hope Wow
that really sounds like Disney is
holding everybody hostage for basic
everyday needs it's not just
entertainment anymore
how is gas work same concept you just
scanned the Disney Plus basic needs app
at the gas pump and then you just enter
in a simple 60 three-digit code and
you're all set to pump gas easy peasy
okay now you have to pass the background
check though this is weird
Disney is also launching Disney Health
Care Plus or mickey care yes it looks
like they're looking into buying up all
of the public and private healthcare
behind all these new changes are
stressing me out 50 new Marvel TV show
a hundred new Star Wars TV shows i
just-i can't-- might calm down d friends
mickey play calming classical music you
got it Mike Mickey reorder valium from
doctor habash you got it Mike huh well I
think that's it for this episode of the
nerd crew
we'll leave you with these publicity
photos of the new galaxies edge theme
park provided to us by disney state news
enjoy
well guys I've signed up for a hundred
98 streaming services at a cost of
$26,000 a month sure hope my little TV
here can handle all that data but it
can't handle all the data I can't handle
mandalorian
oh my god Oh too much streaming so much
streaming rich what happened to your TV
